T 1522853954 18<rgrunber18>	jjohnstn: any idea why rse is back out of simrel ? .. https://ci.eclipse.org/linuxtools/job/linuxtools-gerrit/11975/console
T 1522854032 18<jjohnstn18>	rgrunber: no, it is something I need to look into...right now I'm on the cdt call
T 1522854069 18<rgrunber18>	jjohnstn: kk fwiw.. i could manually add their repo and fix our stuff.. just wanna be sure it's not something that'll be fixed in a few hours.. or a day.
T 1522854102 18<jjohnstn18>	rgrunber: ok, go ahead
T 1522920766 18<scela18>	mbooth: hey
T 1522920774 18<mbooth18>	scela: Hi
T 1522921000 18<scela18>	mbooth: is roland taking care of https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1560929#c8 ?
T 1522921024 18<scela18>	vkadlcik: how are we looking in general?
T 1522921180 18<mbooth18>	scela: Looks like Roland supplied a patch, I can apply it to a real build
T 1522921194 18<scela18>	mbooth: ok thanks
T 1522921248 18<vkadlcik18>	scela: I started on the new builds on Tue, regression testing is done now, no new issues, now i'm doing some exploratory testing and covering the new fixes
T 1522921332 18<vkadlcik18>	scela: of those 4 bugs i highlighted: 2 fixed, 1 in progress (you mentioned it above), what remains is the unfortunate security blacklist
T 1522922905 18<scela18>	vkadlcik: ok, thanks
T 1522922932 18<scela18>	and yeah mbooth is working on the blacklist which is really a pain
T 1523025166 18<scela18>	mbenitez: you should be good to go, flags were acked
T 1523025173 18<scela18>	duh mbooth ^
T 1523025187 18<mbooth18>	Thanks :-)
T 1523025193 18<scela18>	mb <tab> gives mbenitez precedence over mbooth 
T 1523025213 18<mbooth18>	Damn alphabet :-)
T 1523025273 18<scela18>	:)
T 1523025300 18<mbenitez18>	scela, I was worried my building skills are not up to date :P
T 1523025491 18<scela18>	mbenitez: :)
T 1523036831 18<jjohnstn18>	rgrunber: do you have a photon eclipse readily available with Docker Tooling installed?
T 1523037559 18<rgrunber18>	jjohnstn: i can run it from a target platform
T 1523037658 18<jjohnstn18>	I found a problem yesterday on my F27 desktop updated to latest...the Docker Containers and Images views only show the last column in the table...I think there is a regression but I don't know if it is caused by Weyland since I don't have access to the machine...my laptop at 7.4 is fine but I haven't updated since I got M6
T 1523037808 18<rgrunber18>	trying on my machine..
T 1523037927 18<rgrunber18>	seems to work for me but i can try against an I build.
T 1523038006 18<jjohnstn18>	ok, thx
T 1523038019 18<rgrunber18>	actully, our target is the 4.8-I-build
T 1523038021 18<rgrunber18>	I20180405-2000
T 1523038249 18<jjohnstn18>	hmm, I'll have to look at it when I'm in on Monday
T 1523038274 18<rgrunber18>	almost sounds like json format might have changed for containers/images ?
T 1523038288 18<rgrunber18>	but i have the latest rpm for docker
T 1523281291 19*	Now talking on 22#eclipse
T 1523281291 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse is: Eclipse discussions
T 1523281291 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse set by 26akurtakov!~akurtakov@vpn1-5-170.ams2.redhat.com (24Tue May 17 08:53:56 2016)
T 1523282824 18<scela18>	nboldt: according to mbooth webtools should be good for java 10 updates
T 1523282882 18<mbooth18>	Well, I updated to the latest code in Fedora and SCL -- the changes seemed very minor
T 1523282911 18<mbooth18>	Add an extra constant here, add an item to a list there, etc
T 1523282984 18<scela18>	nboldt: mbooth is this equivalent with saying that "webtools supports java 10" ?
T 1523283035 18<mbooth18>	AFAIK, yeah. I haven't installed a java 10 JDK to try it though... :-)
T 1523283247 18<mbooth18>	scela: I mean that the changes to support Java 10 seem very minor, e.g.: http://git.eclipse.org/c/webtools-common/webtools.common.git/commit/?h=R3_9_maintenance&id=27886aea837266c3dbb6a1e2562b5627a1e01af9
T 1523283848 18<scela18>	mbooth: I see
T 1523283853 18<scela18>	nboldt: wdyt? ^
T 1523285057 19*	Now talking on 22#eclipse
T 1523285057 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse is: Eclipse discussions
T 1523285057 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse set by 26akurtakov!~akurtakov@vpn1-5-170.ams2.redhat.com (24Tue May 17 08:53:56 2016)
T 1523285850 18<scela18>	eclipse-team: reports due in a couple of minutes, please take the time to send them out
T 1523287098 18<nboldt18>	scela: mbooth: not sure about wtp 3.9.4 supporting java 10 in oxygen.3a
T 1523287137 18<nboldt18>	see https://bugs.eclipse.org/bugs/show_bug.cgi?id=533162
T 1523287189 18<mbooth18>	Oh I may not have all the changes in that case
T 1523287203 18<nboldt18>	while I was on PTO, no one stepped up to push that into a build though, so it might not get into Oxygen.3a
T 1523287756 18<scela18>	nboldt: I see, mbooth could probably patch it downstream
T 1523287762 18<scela18>	nboldt: let's discuss in the call now
T 1523287796 18<nboldt18>	or I can fix it in wtp and have it be avail as an update for oxygen.3(a) users
T 1523292553 20*	Disconnected (20Connection timed out)
T 1523293304 19*	Now talking on 22#eclipse
T 1523293304 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse is: Eclipse discussions
T 1523293304 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse set by 26akurtakov!~akurtakov@vpn1-5-170.ams2.redhat.com (24Tue May 17 08:53:56 2016)
T 1523293323 18<scela18>	rgrunber: nice, thanks
T 1523304404 19*	Now talking on 22#eclipse
T 1523304404 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse is: Eclipse discussions
T 1523304404 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse set by 26akurtakov!~akurtakov@vpn1-5-170.ams2.redhat.com (24Tue May 17 08:53:56 2016)
T 1523366220 19*	Now talking on 22#eclipse
T 1523366220 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse is: Eclipse discussions
T 1523366220 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse set by 26akurtakov!~akurtakov@vpn1-5-170.ams2.redhat.com (24Tue May 17 08:53:56 2016)
T 1523371976 19<mbenitez>	lufimtse, ericwill I'm at the office ready to crash your calls [enclave by Lisa's office]
T 1523371984 20<lufimtse>30	mbenitez, 
T 1523371988 20<lufimtse>30	mbenitez, hey
T 1523371995 20<lufimtse>30	mbenitez, I could come by now?
T 1523372014 19<mbenitez>	lufimtse, sure, although Sopot may need 7 more minutes :)
T 1523372060 19<scela>	mbenitez: lufimtse I'm fine, jump in Leo
T 1523372080 20<lufimtse>30	mbenitez, scela ok
T 1523372118 18<mbooth18>	jerboaa: Yay, thanks.
T 1523372136 18<jerboaa18>	mbooth, :)
T 1523372158 18<jerboaa18>	get it while it's still fresh ;-)
T 1523372884 18<mbooth18>	nboldt: Ah, for some reason I thought you were already committer for dali
T 1523372908 18<mbooth18>	nboldt: Your name is all over it ;-)
T 1523372950 18<nboldt18>	 mbooth: Neil's asked if I want to be a committer but then hasn't submitted the nomination yet
T 1523372976 18<nboldt18>	I can only say "guys, nominate me and you won't have to rubber stamp all my releng-related changes" so many times
T 1523372999 18<nboldt18>	It's to the point where I'm 90%+ of the commits in WTP right now, but only a committer on 1/3rd of the projects
T 1523373042 18<nboldt18>	mbooth: this change for Dali... you want it in Oxygen.3a / 3.9.x branch of WTP, as well as for Photon / 3.10?
T 1523373094 18<nboldt18>	hey, everyone who likes MM... can you upvote this? https://gitlab.cee.redhat.com/dtsd/housekeeping/issues/1500
T 1523373099 18<mbooth18>	nboldt: Just Photon is fine, the patch is already applied downstream everywhere I need it
T 1523373119 18<nboldt18>	mbooth: oh, ok... so I don't need to respin wtp 3.9.x to include this. #awesome
T 1523373209 18<rgrunber18>	nboldt: btw, are you following thread on cross-project-issues about signing, or https://bugs.eclipse.org/bugs/show_bug.cgi?id=533361 ? I see WTP (wst) bundles in there.
T 1523373291 18<mbooth18>	TIL there is an internal gitlab...
T 1523373368 18<mbooth18>	"There are 6,925 public projects on this server." :-o
T 1523373430 18<mbooth18>	Surprising it isn't a pagure.io instance. I probably ignored a long memo-list thread about that. 
T 1523373536 18<rgrunber18>	mbooth: you can revive the outrage
T 1523373585 18<mbooth18>	rgrunber: Hold my beer...
T 1523374234 18<akurtakov18>	mbooth: https://bugs.eclipse.org/bugs/show_bug.cgi?id=533390
T 1523374339 18<akurtakov18>	mbooth: if you have an idea how to help the situation using modules (you did smth similar for flatpak, right?) , please comment on the bug
T 1523393588 19*	Now talking on 22#eclipse
T 1523393588 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse is: Eclipse discussions
T 1523393588 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse set by 26akurtakov!~akurtakov@vpn1-5-170.ams2.redhat.com (24Tue May 17 08:53:56 2016)
T 1523457945 19*	Now talking on 22#eclipse
T 1523457945 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse is: Eclipse discussions
T 1523457945 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse set by 26akurtakov!~akurtakov@vpn1-5-170.ams2.redhat.com (24Tue May 17 08:53:56 2016)
T 1523462921 18<scela18>	rgrunber: hey
T 1523462926 18<rgrunber18>	hey
T 1523463061 18<scela18>	rgrunber: any reaction on that 'SurroundWithAnalyzer' bug?
T 1523463179 18<rgrunber18>	nothing currently. I considered updating a few things (copyright headers, making the single exposed method internal so even though there's no api, at least it's not in jdt.ui and can be used..)
T 1523463576 18<rgrunber18>	scela: onece i update the patch i can address Dani's concerns. currently the patch doesn't expose any internal api
T 1523464673 18<rgrunber18>	akurtakov: lbullen , just fyi, there's http://download.eclipse.org/tools/orbit/downloads/drops/I20180411145523/repository that should contain ant 1.10.3
T 1523466233 18<akurtakov18>	rgrunber: good, let's see when will sarika put it in platform
T 1523470149 18<akurtakov18>	nboldt: trying to update today and I end up with https://paste.fedoraproject.org/paste/ODSG5Q8cGVFLi3ehbEqg6Q
T 1523470200 18<akurtakov18>	would you please check what's wrong with wtp contributions
T 1523471173 18<nboldt18>	akurtakov: looks like you're trying to update from 3.9.2 to 3.9.0
T 1523471176 18<nboldt18>	  Software being installed: Eclipse Java Web Developer Tools 3.9.0.v201803221834 (org.eclipse.jst.web_ui.feature.feature.group 3.9.0.v201803221834)
T 1523471176 18<nboldt18>	  Software currently installed: Eclipse Web Developer Tools 3.9.2.v201803282043 (org.eclipse.wst.web_ui.feature.feature.group 3.9.2.v201803282043)
T 1523471204 18<nboldt18>	akurtakov: how are you updating?
T 1523471208 18<akurtakov18>	nboldt: well, I do have staging photon and photon
T 1523471213 18<akurtakov18>	and just do check for updates
T 1523471233 18<nboldt18>	staging photon site should have wtp 3.9.4RC2
T 1523471300 18<nboldt18>	wait... that's jst.web.ui being installed, and wst.web.ui already installed. they shouldn't conflict
T 1523471757 18<akurtakov18>	nboldt: yeah, really weird
T 1523476350 18<akurtakov18>	nboldt: found it
T 1523476359 18<akurtakov18>	I had oxygen enabled also
T 1523476375 18<akurtakov18>	so the oxygen version seems to be newer than photon m6
T 1523489558 18<nboldt18>	akurtakov: that makes sense, it was built more recently
T 1523489577 18<nboldt18>	but if the x.y.z version is greater for oxygen than photon, we can has a bug
T 1523489738 18<nboldt18>	akurtakov: can you list me which IUs were conflicting ? was it just org.eclipse.wst.css.ui ?
T 1523528015 18<scela18>	mbooth: vkadlcik so are we going for the subclipse inclusion?
T 1523528070 18<vkadlcik18>	scela: i'm looking at it
T 1523528135 18<vkadlcik18>	scela: does not work for me, i'm going to file a bug
T 1523528235 18<scela18>	vkadlcik: ok, thanks
T 1523528241 18<scela18>	akurtakov: cc^
T 1523529844 18<vkadlcik18>	scela: mbooth: akurtakov: https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1566445
T 1523529910 18<mbooth18>	vkadlcik: Thanks, looking now
T 1523529952 18<vkadlcik18>	mbooth: i haven seen subclipse for ages, i hope i got it right
T 1523529998 18<mbooth18>	vkadlcik: I think most sane people moved to git :-)
T 1523530015 18<scela18>	mbooth: do we have pydev 6.3.1 in 2018.2?
T 1523530044 18<mbooth18>	scela: 6.3.2
T 1523530060 18<scela18>	mbooth: ok, I'm trying to find some release notes for it
T 1523530063 18<scela18>	mbooth: have it handy?
T 1523530086 18<vkadlcik18>	scela: http://www.pydev.org/history_pydev.html
T 1523530106 18<mbooth18>	scela: usually on the front page of http://www.pydev.org/ too -- about half way down
T 1523530172 18<scela18>	vkadlcik: I was looking exactly at that page that's why I asked about 6.3.1 as it's the last entry there
T 1523530177 18<scela18>	but we seem to have 6.3.2
T 1523530206 18<scela18>	it's on the main page though ... thanks mbooth 
T 1523530454 18<akurtakov18>	wow, I barely remember what svn was :)
T 1523530483 18<scela18>	mbooth: any other release worth mentioning?
T 1523530504 18<akurtakov18>	mbooth: which backend is it using
T 1523530523 18<mbooth18>	akurtakov: svnkit
T 1523530561 18<akurtakov18>	mbooth: could it be a mismatch aka svnadmin creating smth that svnkit can't read ?
T 1523530598 18<mbooth18>	akurtakov: Reading remote repos seems to work fine, error only comes after cloning a repo
T 1523530605 18<mbooth18>	s/cloning/checkout/
T 1523538967 19*	Now talking on 22#eclipse
T 1523538967 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse is: Eclipse discussions
T 1523538967 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse set by 26akurtakov!~akurtakov@vpn1-5-170.ams2.redhat.com (24Tue May 17 08:53:56 2016)
T 1523539872 18<vkadlcik18>	mbooth: Mat, can we sync on the status?
T 1523539876 18<vkadlcik18>	https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1lbIer5k0GCXVAm85vna_pBizS1q4CAmS9eDWM1UjR90/edit#gid=0
T 1523539956 18<vkadlcik18>	vkadlcik: i saw in brew failures on the platform, is there an issue?
T 1523540023 18<vkadlcik18>	mbooth: i saw in brew failures on the platform, is there an issue?
T 1523540154 18<mbooth18>	Hmm, there seems to be a strange problem with xmvn and zip files: https://brewweb.engineering.redhat.com/brew/getfile?taskID=15777115&volume=DEFAULT&name=build.log&offset=-4000
T 1523540183 18<mbooth18>	Not quite sure what the cause is yet
T 1523540269 18<vkadlcik18>	mbooth: ok, let's move to othes lines
T 1523540302 18<vkadlcik18>	mbooth: WDYT about the gson?
T 1523540618 18<mbooth18>	vkadlcik: I think this should be fixed in the devstudio rpm -- I just need to submit a PR for it
T 1523540791 18<vkadlcik18>	mbooth: and the subclipse problem?
T 1523540842 18<vkadlcik18>	mbooth: i don't get the comment in BZ - if I somehow install newer svn, will it work?
T 1523540885 18<mbooth18>	vkadlcik: Yes, I am testing on Fedora where I have a newer svn -- the svn in base rhel is quite old and doesn't support newer working copy format
T 1523540937 18<vkadlcik18>	mbooth: ok, thanks, i'll have a look as well
T 1523541126 18<vkadlcik18>	mbooth: the last thing is the Jeff's patch on linuxtools - i'd suggest to drop it from this release, we have enough problems at this moment
T 1523541137 18<mbooth18>	vkadlcik: Agreed :-)
T 1523541138 18<mbooth18>	vkadlcik: Subclipse seems to mangling a file in the workspace called: workspace/.metadata/.plugins/org.eclipse.core.resources/.projects/<project_name>/.syncinfo
T 1523541146 18<mbooth18>	I am trying to debug it
T 1523543517 18<strykerawb18>	Anyone here know how to close an lsp connection without incurring exceptions? 
T 1523543574 18<scela18>	lbullen: ^
T 1523543592 18<scela18>	strykerawb: any link to a specific bug/issue?
T 1523543664 18<strykerawb18>	scela,   i've been asked to make a new protocol based on some of the lsp core stuff
T 1523543666 18<strykerawb18>	https://github.com/robstryker/org.jboss.tools.ssp/blob/master/client-bindings/src/main/java/org/jboss/tools/ssp/client/bindings/ServerManagementClientLauncher.java
T 1523543698 18<strykerawb18>	if i just call closeConnection() i get stacktraces of broken connection etc.   ie, not a clean closing.  
T 1523543706 18<rgrunber18>	if i had to guess i would say you need to close through the api (ie. shutdown + exit.. or something).. and not secretly just close the socket.
T 1523543713 18<scela18>	strykerawb: lbullen should be able to provide you with an example of a clean closing
T 1523543717 18<rgrunber18>	* lsp api
T 1523543805 18<lbullen18>	strykerawb, are you using lsp4e?
T 1523543831 18<strykerawb18>	using lsp4j
T 1523543836 18<strykerawb18>	0.4.0.M6 i believe
T 1523543878 18<strykerawb18>	basically i took the typefox example of a chat app and started hacking it into something i can use 
T 1523543989 18<lbullen18>	Can you give me a link to a stack trace you're getting?
T 1523544014 18<strykerawb18>	https://paste.fedoraproject.org/paste/okqR4hnDVDdMa3bsrTUN0A
T 1523544021 18<strykerawb18>	its clearly bc im just closing the socket directly
T 1523544032 18<strykerawb18>	but i cant imagine what other way to do it. I don't see any api to clean-close the connection
T 1523544056 18<lbullen18>	what client are you using?
T 1523544102 18<strykerawb18>	.... um... one i made?
T 1523544110 18<strykerawb18>	ServerManagementClientLauncher 
T 1523544146 18<strykerawb18>	basically i have access to a Launcher ?
T 1523544146 18<strykerawb18>	import org.eclipse.lsp4j.jsonrpc.Launcher;
T 1523544146 18<strykerawb18>	import org.eclipse.lsp4j.jsonrpc.RemoteEndpoint;
T 1523544173 18<strykerawb18>	these provide methods like StartListening, but i don't see any methods to close anything?
T 1523544267 18<strykerawb18>	https://github.com/robstryker/org.jboss.tools.ssp/blob/master/client-bindings/src/main/java/org/jboss/tools/ssp/client/bindings/ServerManagementClientLauncher.java#L27   
T 1523544293 18<strykerawb18>	my closeConnection() is clearly not correct... i cannot simply close the socket 
T 1523544308 18<strykerawb18>	but i dont see any other methods in Launcher to do it? 
T 1523544323 18<lbullen18>	one second, have a thought
T 1523544537 18<lbullen18>	org.eclipse.lsp4j.services.LanguageServer has shutdown()
T 1523544564 18<lbullen18>	message sent from the client to the server to say that it will no longer call it and is allowed to end the process
T 1523544661 18<strykerawb18>	k let me see if i have that visible.  thnx.  
T 1523544692 18<strykerawb18>	hrmm... not visible for me
T 1523544708 18<strykerawb18>	lbullen,  what version of lsp4j is that in? or a link to the github for it 
T 1523544726 18<strykerawb18>	i'll just google it i guess
T 1523544727 18<strykerawb18>	;)
T 1523544816 18<strykerawb18>	ah its in languageserver.  i was too quick.  hrmm. 
T 1523545072 18<strykerawb18>	i see.  the client can only ask the server to sever the connection.  The client shouldn't do it itself. now need to find the server impl for this. 
T 1523545245 18<lbullen18>	correct, I have a tutorial on building language servers with lsp4j from a few months ago that might help https://github.com/LucasBullen/LSP4J_Tutorial
T 1523545307 18<scela18>	lbullen: nice! :)
T 1523545638 18<strykerawb18>	lbullen,   your example's shutdown only returns true   :o    doesn't actually close any clients  or sockets 
T 1523545661 18<akurtakov18>	mbooth: https://www.eclipse.org/cbi/maven-plugins/documentation/1.1.5/eclipse-flatpak-packager/package-flatpak-mojo.html
T 1523545673 18<akurtakov18>	nice you did it good 
T 1523545699 18<rgrunber18>	mbooth++
T 1523545764 18<lbullen18>	strykerawb, right... it was a tutorial on making servers not clients whoops, one second will send you how lsp4e does it as the actual shutting down happens there
T 1523545774 18<strykerawb18>	thanks!  :D 
T 1523545822 18<mbooth18>	akurtakov: Cool
T 1523545870 18<mbooth18>	flatpak-packager:package-flatpak package flatpackage packagepak flappy package
T 1523545882 18<mbooth18>	Too much repetition in the docs :-)
T 1523545892 18<scela18>	mbooth: :)
T 1523547422 18<lbullen18>	strykerawb, at https://github.com/robstryker/org.jboss.tools.ssp/blob/master/client-bindings/src/main/java/org/jboss/tools/ssp/client/bindings/ServerManagementClientLauncher.java#L40
T 1523547428 18<lbullen18>	You should save the result of launcher.startListening() and call isDone() when you wish to close the server, this will fix the execption issue as it will exit the org.eclipse.lsp4j.jsonrpc.json.StreamMessageProducer.listen()'s while(keepRunning) loop which is the cause of the exception.
T 1523547474 18<lbullen18>	It is not an issue about how to close the server you are having, it is an issue with stopping the client from calling the server after it is closed
T 1523547511 18<lbullen18>	(tell me if this ends up terribly wrong)
T 1523547636 18<strykerawb18>	i'll give it a test. :) 
T 1523547678 18<strykerawb18>	i dont even specifically want to close the server.  What i'm trying to do is allow the client to 'hang up the phone' 
T 1523547687 18<strykerawb18>	the server can take multiple clients 
T 1523547696 18<strykerawb18>	if the client just closes the socket, exceptions all over the place 
T 1523547721 18<strykerawb18>	so i can add a shutdown method to the server interface, but that just shifts the responsibility to 'hang up' to the server instead 
T 1523548079 18<lbullen18>	To have a server with multiple clients, you'll need a client manager to be sort of the middle man between multiple clients and the one server, so the client manager would start/stop the server and would make all the calls from the clients to the server. Haven't gone through your code to know if you do this or not
T 1523548269 18<strykerawb18>	lbullen,   got it :D   startListeningResult.cancel(true);   shuts down the client perfectly 
T 1523548298 18<lbullen18>	strykerawb, great to hear
T 1523551961 19<rgrunber>	jjohnstn: lufimtse ericwill lbullen : is everyone good with Wednesday May 16th @ 14:00 - 14:45 for our Eclipse Team Talk to the new interns ?
T 1523551975 18<rgrunber18>	ie. https://mojo.redhat.com/docs/DOC-1159143
T 1523551990 18<lbullen18>	right, I will be out of country
T 1523552006 18<ericwill18>	rgrunber fine by me
T 1523552024 18<rgrunber18>	lbullen: are you in the country anytime between 14th-17th ?
T 1523552028 18<lbullen18>	No
T 1523552033 18<rgrunber18>	kk
T 1523552083 18<lbullen18>	I leave after next week, so I can prep something for you guys to show if you think that is of value
T 1523552118 18<ericwill18>	lbullen rgrunber I think the incoming intern's work assignment is TBD
T 1523552165 18<rgrunber18>	can always talk about the last 2 or 3 intern's work assignments :P
T 1523552174 18<rgrunber18>	for some hints.
T 1523552196 18<ericwill18>	rgrunber yeah I will prepare the SWT/platform UI slides
T 1523552367 18<jjohnstn18>	rgrunber: fine with me...not sure about the pillars requirement and why interns need to know this
T 1523552463 18<rgrunber18>	pillars?
T 1523552468 18<rgrunber18>	jjohnstn: ^ >
T 1523552852 18<jjohnstn18>	rgrunber: see lbullen's initial note including:  Your project's aims, goals, and how it fits into Red Hat's overall
T 1523552853 18<jjohnstn18>	  strategy. (three pillars presentation)
T 1523552891 18<rgrunber18>	ah the initial e-mail.
T 1523553149 18<rgrunber18>	jjohnstn|lunch: my guess would be in order to show how what we do ties into the container strategy, how we support openshift and osio.. etc.
T 1523556221 19*	Now talking on 22#eclipse
T 1523556222 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse is: Eclipse discussions
T 1523556222 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse set by 26akurtakov!~akurtakov@vpn1-5-170.ams2.redhat.com (24Tue May 17 08:53:56 2016)
T 1523606275 18<scela18>	vkadlcik: mbooth morning
T 1523606318 18<vkadlcik18>	good morning, gentlemen
T 1523606422 18<scela18>	vkadlcik: good morning vaclav. Did you already get the handout?
T 1523606461 18<vkadlcik18>	scela: not yet, i suppose mbooth is still looking at the sublipse problem
T 1523606555 18<scela18>	vkadlcik: I see, let's wait for mbooth maybe he has solved it already
T 1523610538 18<mbooth18>	scela, vkadlcik: So I made some progress, looks like the problem is in svnkit itself -- I am able to make it work using a slightly older version of the svnkit library.
T 1523610669 18<mbooth18>	Just about to try building a new RPM -- The last erratum waiver came in over night (needed a security team person to waive something) so I can switch it to QE straight away if we'd prefer not to wait
T 1523610803 18<vkadlcik18>	mbooth: only after you add the build
T 1523610828 18<vkadlcik18>	mbooth: will the rpm work? :-)
T 1523611228 18<mbooth18>	vkadlcik: If there is any justice in the universe :-)
T 1523611313 18<vkadlcik18>	mbooth: i have some doubt it was worth it in the end... i think most devs use version control both in eclipse and in cli; the customer wanted a subclipse rpm so they could avoid other install sources, now they would (probably) need to install a non-rpm subversion...
T 1523611354 18<vkadlcik18>	mbooth: robbing Peter to pay Paul?
T 1523614151 18<mbooth18>	vkadlcik, scela: Build added, erratum set to QE 
T 1523614170 18<vkadlcik18>	mbooth: thanks!
T 1523614170 18*	mbooth goes to look at documentation now
T 1523614880 18<scela18>	mbooth: thanks Mat
T 1523614898 18<scela18>	vkadlcik: let me know if anything else is needed
T 1523614917 18<vkadlcik18>	scela: sure, thanks
T 1523622503 18<scela18>	vkadlcik: so svn bug is fixed?
T 1523622521 18<vkadlcik18>	scela: looks that way
T 1523622531 18<scela18>	cool
T 1523622535 18<scela18>	cc mbooth 
T 1523622547 18<mbooth18>	\Ã³/
T 1523628333 18<ericwill18>	mbooth thanks for the last minute backporting re: that context menu bug :)
T 1523628461 18<mbooth18>	ericwill: np -- glad we got everything in that was needed 
T 1523635470 18<rgrunber18>	ericwill: get in there and crush my dreams https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1566922
T 1523635490 18<rgrunber18>	maybe i can find a workaround or something.. i'd have to look
T 1523887477 19*	Now talking on 22#eclipse
T 1523887477 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse is: Eclipse discussions
T 1523887477 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse set by 26akurtakov!~akurtakov@vpn1-5-170.ams2.redhat.com (24Tue May 17 08:53:56 2016)
T 1523888338 18<scela18>	eclipse-team: weekly due in ~40mins and we as a reminder we have the all-hands today also in ~40 mins
T 1523891678 20*	Disconnected (20Connection timed out)
T 1523901694 19*	Now talking on 22#eclipse
T 1523901694 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse is: Eclipse discussions
T 1523901694 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse set by 26akurtakov!~akurtakov@vpn1-5-170.ams2.redhat.com (24Tue May 17 08:53:56 2016)
T 1523980108 19*	Now talking on 22#eclipse
T 1523980108 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse is: Eclipse discussions
T 1523980108 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse set by 26akurtakov!~akurtakov@vpn1-5-170.ams2.redhat.com (24Tue May 17 08:53:56 2016)
T 1523980558 18<scela18>	lbullen: thanks for demos Lucas, nice work :)
T 1523997350 19*	Now talking on 22#eclipse
T 1523997350 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse is: Eclipse discussions
T 1523997350 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse set by 26akurtakov!~akurtakov@vpn1-5-170.ams2.redhat.com (24Tue May 17 08:53:56 2016)
T 1524060159 19*	Now talking on 22#eclipse
T 1524060159 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse is: Eclipse discussions
T 1524060159 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse set by 26akurtakov!~akurtakov@vpn1-5-170.ams2.redhat.com (24Tue May 17 08:53:56 2016)
T 1524146477 19*	Now talking on 22#eclipse
T 1524146477 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse is: Eclipse discussions
T 1524146477 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse set by 26akurtakov!~akurtakov@vpn1-5-170.ams2.redhat.com (24Tue May 17 08:53:56 2016)
T 1524220496 18<scela18>	jerboaa: thanks, I'll do that
T 1524220527 18<jerboaa18>	:)
T 1524222038 18<scela18>	akurtakov: is the list of eclipse packages in that base rhel 8 email thread exhaustive?
T 1524222369 18<scela18>	jerboaa: FYI https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1569947 :)
T 1524223452 18<akurtakov_18>	scela: as long as eclipse is removed all others will not resolve so should be good :)
T 1524223466 18<akurtakov_18>	releng will catch if there is anything else
T 1524223479 18<scela18>	akurtakov_: ok
T 1524231716 18<nboldt118>	akurtakov_: https://git.eclipse.org/r/#/c/121481/ << I think I've found the culprit for why RSE isn't in simrel
T 1524231727 18<nboldt118>	spoiler alert: it me.
T 1524232174 18<akurtakov_18>	nboldt1: nice one :)
T 1524232203 18<nboldt118>	akurtakov_: yea, well credit/flames where credit/flames are due
T 1524232243 18<nboldt118>	now waiting on https://ci.eclipse.org/simrel/job/simrel.photon.runaggregator.VALIDATE/ to complete, plus the 3 jobs downstream
T 1524232266 18<nboldt118>	when https://ci.eclipse.org/simrel/job/simrel.photon.promoteToStaging/ is done, you should see RSE in the photon staging site
T 1524232296 18<nboldt118>	thanks for reporting this! test early, test often, complain loudly, get shit fixed. :)
T 1524232305 18<nboldt118>	akurtakov_: ^
T 1524232418 18<akurtakov_18>	nboldt1: I tried to move dltk to photon as it uses platform internals which have changed
T 1524232425 18<akurtakov_18>	and was blocked by this one
T 1524232444 18<akurtakov_18>	although I thought simply removing the rse bits there too :)
T 1524232512 18<nboldt118>	well, hopefully this will let you use the new RSE bits
T 1524234980 18*	mbooth notes that DLTK should be ported to ptp.remote some day
T 1524235009 18<mbooth18>	Or something like that
T 1524236283 18<akurtakov_18>	mbooth: or the remote stuff be dropped altogether :)
T 1524242373 18<nboldt18>	jjohnstn: can I safely assume that http://download.eclipse.org/linuxtools/updates-docker-nightly/ contains the fix for https://bugs.eclipse.org/bugs/show_bug.cgi?id=533846 ?
T 1524242402 18<jjohnstn18>	checking...
T 1524242417 18<nboldt18>	http://git.eclipse.org/c/linuxtools/org.eclipse.linuxtools.git/commit/?id=8667011aee6b69d9baf534907b4e527171db6be7 -> http://download.eclipse.org/linuxtools/updates-docker-nightly/plugins/
T 1524242434 18<nboldt18>	I see Â org.eclipse.linuxtools.docker.integration.tests_2.1.0.201804201600.jar (not 2.0.1) so I assume this is the newer stuff
T 1524242442 18<jjohnstn18>	nboldt: no, it was just committed today so won't be available until tonight's build..I can start one now if you want
T 1524242452 19*	Now talking on 22#eclipse
T 1524242452 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse is: Eclipse discussions
T 1524242452 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse set by 26akurtakov!~akurtakov@vpn1-5-170.ams2.redhat.com (24Tue May 17 08:53:56 2016)
T 1524242453 T 1524242453 18<nboldt18>	just not sure about the timestamp. is that UTC?
18<nboldt18>	just not sure about the timestamp. is that UTC?
T 1524242468 T 1524242468 18<jjohnstn18>	checking again
18<jjohnstn18>	checking again
T 1524242470 18<nboldt18>	because it's in the future :)
T 1524242470 18<nboldt18>	because it's in the future :)
T 1524242477 T 1524242477 18<nboldt18>	04/20 16:00 ?
18<nboldt18>	04/20 16:00 ?
T 1524242491 T 1524242491 18<nboldt18>	please do start one
18<nboldt18>	please do start one
T 1524242541 18<nboldt18>	I also see reddeer 2.1 in the repo, not 2.0
T 1524242541 18<nboldt18>	I also see reddeer 2.1 in the repo, not 2.0
T 1524242549 18<nboldt18>	so... maybe it's already built?
T 1524242549 18<nboldt18>	so... maybe it's already built?
T 1524242557 18<nboldt18>	jjohnstn: ^
T 1524242557 18<nboldt18>	jjohnstn: ^
T 1524242563 T 1524242563 18<jjohnstn18>	nboldt: actually a build was already started and completed...yes, it is UTC
18<jjohnstn18>	nboldt: actually a build was already started and completed...yes, it is UTC
T 1524242602 18<nboldt18>	cool, I'll pull this build then
T 1524242602 18<nboldt18>	cool, I'll pull this build then
T 1524495614 19*	Now talking on 22#eclipse
T 1524495614 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse is: Eclipse discussions
T 1524495614 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse set by 26akurtakov!~akurtakov@vpn1-5-170.ams2.redhat.com (24Tue May 17 08:53:56 2016)
T 1524498385 18<nboldt18>	akurtakov: https://projects.eclipse.org/projects/webtools/elections/election-nick-boldt-committer-eclipse-web-tools-platform-project
T 1524498415 18<rgrunber18>	:(
T 1524498482 18<akurtakov18>	nboldt: hmm, so Kaloyan is a committer but the build is done yet
T 1524498487 18<akurtakov18>	err. the voting
T 1524498588 18<nboldt18>	akurtakov: it expired already? thought I had another day
T 1524498690 18<akurtakov18>	nboldt: it says it's done
T 1524498708 18<akurtakov18>	This election failed to receive the required number of votes in the alotted time.
T 1524498782 18<akurtakov18>	mbooth: http://git.eclipse.org/c/platform/eclipse.platform.releng.aggregator.git/commit/?id=b66f2552209ff6ea0e94146eefbe8cc6f90ca018
T 1524498807 18<nboldt18>	akurtakov: yeah, just saw that. wasn't sure what time today it would expire :(
T 1524498835 18<nboldt18>	oh, well, WTP process fault. I'll bug Nitin about it
T 1524498915 18<akurtakov18>	nboldt: you should ask them to merge projects :)
T 1524498926 18<nboldt18>	lo, riiiiight. that'll never happen
T 1524498928 18<akurtakov18>	this one with releng fit well together :)
T 1524499098 18<nboldt18>	vkadlcik: https://github.com/jbosstools/jiralint/blob/master/bzira.py
T 1524499110 18<nboldt18>	that's the bz -> jira scraper
T 1524499131 18<vkadlcik18>	nboldt: thanks
T 1524499131 18<nboldt18>	it's not set up for RHECLIPSE, just for RHT and EBZ projects in JBoss JIRA
T 1524500987 18<vkadlcik18>	scela: nboldt: i've just checked the devtools rpm channels, the new rh-eclipse47 release has been fully published including rh-eclipse47-devstudio-11.3-0.20180413.0814.el7.x86_64
T 1524501212 18<scela18>	vkadlcik_gone: thanks
T 1524501221 18<scela18>	mbenitez: ^
T 1524501324 18<rgrunber18>	akurtakov: https://bugs.eclipse.org/bugs/show_bug.cgi?id=510163
T 1524501390 18<rgrunber18>	pretty soon we'll be getting dirty looks from the SWT crew
T 1524501421 18<rgrunber18>	of which i'm say, 5% equity member :P
T 1524501478 18<rgrunber18>	akurtakov: i see what you mean.. https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.ibm.icu/icu4j .. we're a little behind..
T 1524502263 18<mbenitez18>	vkadlcik_gone, scela, thanks for the update!
T 1524561469 18<akurtakov18>	mbooth: I haven't seen any eclipse flatpak updates lately? did thebuild stop for some reason?
T 1524561486 18<mbooth18>	I'll check
T 1524561803 18<akurtakov18>	mbooth: thanks
T 1524565258 18<akurtakov18>	mbooth: is there smth we should upstream for m2e ?
T 1524565439 18<mbooth18>	akurtakov: No, the rebuilds for m2e stuff were due to a problem in https://github.com/takari/tycho-support/
T 1524567394 18<akurtakov18>	mbooth: ok, thanks
T 1524582193 19*	Now talking on 22#eclipse
T 1524582193 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse is: Eclipse discussions
T 1524582193 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse set by 26akurtakov!~akurtakov@vpn1-5-170.ams2.redhat.com (24Tue May 17 08:53:56 2016)
T 1524589128 19*	Now talking on 22#eclipse
T 1524589128 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse is: Eclipse discussions
T 1524589128 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse set by 26akurtakov!~akurtakov@vpn1-5-170.ams2.redhat.com (24Tue May 17 08:53:56 2016)
T 1524589653 18<jjohnstn18>	nboldt: linux tools master is building...will let you know when it is done
T 1524590337 18<nboldt18>	jjohnstn|lunch: thanks!
T 1524590671 19*	Now talking on 22#eclipse
T 1524590671 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse is: Eclipse discussions
T 1524590671 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse set by 26akurtakov!~akurtakov@vpn1-5-170.ams2.redhat.com (24Tue May 17 08:53:56 2016)
T 1524591412 19*	Now talking on 22#eclipse
T 1524591412 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse is: Eclipse discussions
T 1524591412 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse set by 26akurtakov!~akurtakov@vpn1-5-170.ams2.redhat.com (24Tue May 17 08:53:56 2016)
T 1524592171 19*	Now talking on 22#eclipse
T 1524592171 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse is: Eclipse discussions
T 1524592171 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse set by 26akurtakov!~akurtakov@vpn1-5-170.ams2.redhat.com (24Tue May 17 08:53:56 2016)
T 1524592346 18<jjohnstn18>	nboldt: it's done
T 1524592492 18<patrickm18>	jjohnstn: i invited you to a jamboard, in case you're wondering where that email was generated 
T 1524593092 18<jjohnstn18>	patrickm: I went to the site...it said my browser may not be adequate...saw nothing, went back to work...later looked at it and saw some frames had stuff in it but I could seem to do anything on any frame so closed it
T 1524593242 18<rgrunber18>	jjohnstn: you can't do anything from a desktop.. only a touch enabled device iirc.
T 1524593255 18<patrickm18>	yeah, we were just playing around with sharing / invites / etc
T 1524593263 18<jjohnstn18>	ok, thx
T 1524593270 18<patrickm18>	rgrunber: well... you can view
T 1524596891 18<nboldt18>	jjohnstn: great, thanks
T 1524597135 18<jjohnstn18>	np
T 1524649435 18<akurtakov18>	mbooth: so is there a problem with flatpak generation?
T 1524661380 18<mbooth18>	akurtakov: Check for a new build shortly -- I was still using 1.1.5-SNAPSHOT version of cbi plugins :-o
T 1524673268 18<rgrunber18>	lbullen: strykerawb is having some lsp issues.. i'm assuming he means lsp4j. any idea where those have a channel (irc/mattermost..) ?
T 1524673348 18<lbullen18>	rgrunber: Don't know about irc or mattermost, but the mailing list might be a good place to go: https://accounts.eclipse.org/mailing-list/lsp4j-dev
T 1524673710 18<strykerawb18>	lbullen,   im using org.eclipse.lsp4j 0.4.0.M6 to build a different protocol...  and whenever i send a Map<String, Object>  it will send my java.lang.Integer values as java.lang.Double 
T 1524673725 18<strykerawb18>	really weird 
T 1524674841 18<lbullen18>	strykerawb: that is weird, bring the issue to the email list, they will know better than me
T 1524748991 19*	Now talking on 22#eclipse
T 1524748991 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse is: Eclipse discussions
T 1524748991 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse set by 26akurtakov!~akurtakov@vpn1-5-170.ams2.redhat.com (24Tue May 17 08:53:56 2016)
T 1524751682 18<scela18>	akurtakov: hey
T 1524751689 18<akurtakov18>	scela: hey
T 1524751706 18<scela18>	akurtakov: how much do you know about RHEL 8 modules?
T 1524751712 18<scela18>	cc mbooth ^
T 1524751718 18<akurtakov18>	scela: nothing tbh
T 1524751726 18<akurtakov18>	I followed the UI part only
T 1524751749 18<scela18>	akurtakov: ok
T 1524751750 18<akurtakov18>	and there were plans to make flatpak first class citizen
T 1524751771 18<akurtakov18>	scela: what I know is that modularity is based on Fedora one
T 1524751789 18<akurtakov18>	although there are no stable modules in Fedora so 
T 1524751910 18<mbooth18>	I heard modularity went away for a re-design: https://communityblog.fedoraproject.org/modularity-dead-long-live-modularity/
T 1524751931 18<mbooth18>	TBH I haven't looked into it much since then
T 1524751973 18<akurtakov18>	scela: why? are we supposed to change from scl to some modules ?
T 1524752007 18<scela18>	akurtakov: no, we can use SCL in rhel 8 also
T 1524752273 18<scela18>	akurtakov: for now we stick to bringing flatpak up to a solid shape
T 1524752293 18<scela18>	akurtakov: there's no mandatory SCL->Module for RHEL 8
T 1524752294 18<akurtakov18>	yup, that's my idea too
T 1524752313 18<akurtakov18>	mbooth: how do we go with photon in rawhide
T 1524752328 18<scela18>	akurtakov: we could consider it only if it makes our process/life easier compared to SCL, but not because we have to
T 1524752365 18<akurtakov18>	scela: well, it can simplify only if we stop supporting rhel 7 or rhel7 gets modules backported somehow
T 1524752386 18<akurtakov18>	so far I haven't heard any of these being considered
T 1524752396 18<mbooth18>	akurtakov: Nearly there
T 1524752417 18<akurtakov18>	and the former is just not serious as rhel8 will need some time post release for customers to update
T 1524752480 18<scela18>	akurtakov: yep
T 1524752522 18<scela18>	akurtakov: SCLs will still be good in RHEL8 so nothing to worry about
T 1524752540 18<scela18>	akurtakov: wanted to know how much you know so that I learn it also without crashing in mojo
T 1524752558 18<akurtakov18>	scela: yeah, IMHO we should consider modules once we don't have to supprot RHEL 7 and if flatpak move failed
T 1524752615 18<scela18>	akurtakov: ok
T 1524752615 18<mbooth18>	akurtakov, scela: BTW next SCL release would be only for newer RHEL 7s (IIRC 7.4+ -- i.e. only places where webkit2 is available)
T 1524752628 18<akurtakov18>	mbooth: :)
T 1524752645 18<akurtakov18>	it was about time for sanity to come :)
T 1524752656 18*	mbooth just kicked away a bunch of patches and conditional spec file
T 1524752698 18<ericwill18>	no webkit1...no GTK2 :)
T 1524752737 18<mbooth18>	ericwill: We're living in the future now :-)
T 1524753063 18<ericwill18>	mbooth now if only we can get upstream SWT to live in the same future
T 1524754075 18<akurtakov18>	ericwill: it's up to you :)
T 1524754100 18<akurtakov18>	fix the GTK3 specific bugs and I'll make sure gtk2 is removed :)
T 1524754333 18<ericwill18>	akurtakov on it :)
T 1524775596 19*	Now talking on 22#eclipse
T 1524775596 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse is: Eclipse discussions
T 1524775596 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse set by 26akurtakov!~akurtakov@vpn1-5-170.ams2.redhat.com (24Tue May 17 08:53:56 2016)
T 1524839724 19*	Now talking on 22#eclipse
T 1524839724 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse is: Eclipse discussions
T 1524839724 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse set by 26akurtakov!~akurtakov@vpn1-5-170.ams2.redhat.com (24Tue May 17 08:53:56 2016)
T 1524840472 18<rgrunber18>	akurtakov: Noopur should have access now
T 1524840596 18<akurtakov18>	rgrunber: cool
T 1524840600 18<akurtakov18>	how did you do it ?
T 1524840618 18<akurtakov18>	google apps are still non understandable for me
T 1524840635 18<rgrunber18>	it's strange. apparently there's a 'share' button to manage permissions of everyone but only the owner of the doc can do it.
T 1524840657 18<rgrunber18>	i wanted to make you owner, but then it removes my ownership.. not sure if i can have multiple people able to add others.. would have to see..
T 1524857583 19*	Now talking on 22#eclipse
T 1524857583 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse is: Eclipse discussions
T 1524857583 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse set by 26akurtakov!~akurtakov@vpn1-5-170.ams2.redhat.com (24Tue May 17 08:53:56 2016)
T 1525101017 19*	Now talking on 22#eclipse
T 1525101017 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse is: Eclipse discussions
T 1525101017 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse set by 26akurtakov!~akurtakov@vpn1-5-170.ams2.redhat.com (24Tue May 17 08:53:56 2016)
T 1525106440 18<nboldt18>	mbooth: hey, do we need an rh-eclipse48 component in RHECLIPSE tracker?
T 1525106456 18<nboldt18>	because, Photon != eclipse47
T 1525106548 18<nboldt18>	asking because I just created one, and I could batch-move all these 38 issues to that new component. https://issues.jboss.org/issues/?jql=project%20%3D%20RHECLIPSE%20AND%20component%20%3D%20rh-eclipse47
T 1525106570 18<nboldt18>	unless some of them will be fixed in z-stream releases of 4.7.x ?
T 1525107165 18<scela18>	nboldt: no we got no plans for z-stream
T 1525107204 18<scela18>	so we need rh-eclipse48 anyway 
T 1525107207 18<scela18>	akurtakov: mbooth cc
T 1525107296 18<nboldt18>	scela: should I move all the issues then?
T 1525107365 18<nboldt18>	assuming yes in 5... 
T 1525107367 18<nboldt18>	4...
T 1525107380 18<nboldt18>	3...
T 1525107395 18<nboldt18>	2...
T 1525107407 18<nboldt18>	1... scela ...
T 1525107442 18<nboldt18>	38 issues bulk moved with no email spam. https://issues.jboss.org/issues/?jql=project%20%3D%20RHECLIPSE%20AND%20component%20%3D%20rh-eclipse48
T 1525107454 18<nboldt18>	mbooth: scela: akurtakov: ^
T 1525107983 18<scela18>	nboldt: thanks
T 1525107992 18<akurtakov18>	nboldt: thanks :) no z-stream plan so far :)
T 1525111350 18<jjohnstn|wfh18>	rgrunber: ok if I open the bug for BodyDeclarationRewrite refactoring or do you want to do it?
T 1525111419 18<rgrunber18>	jjohnstn|wfh: you can go ahead. just file it under JDT UI and add me in there as CC
T 1525111525 18<jjohnstn|wfh18>	ok, thx
T 1525123397 Python interface unloaded
T 1525198422 19*	Now talking on 22#eclipse
T 1525198422 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse is: Eclipse discussions
T 1525198422 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse set by 26akurtakov!~akurtakov@vpn1-5-170.ams2.redhat.com (24Tue May 17 08:53:56 2016)
T 1525288140 19*	Now talking on 22#eclipse
T 1525288140 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse is: Eclipse discussions
T 1525288140 22*	Topic for 22#eclipse set by 26akurtakov!~akurtakov@vpn1-5-170.ams2.redhat.com (24Tue May 17 08:53:56 2016)
T 1525357151 18<mbooth18>	rgrunber: Hey Mr Orbit, there are some php errors at the bottom of this page: http://download.eclipse.org/tools/orbit/downloads/drops/S20180302171354/
T 1525357161 18<mbooth18>	Is it something you know about?
T 1525357241 18<mbooth18>	https://paste.fedoraproject.org/paste/kr6e9iUnaRnernbrXVa6nA
T 1525357257 18<rgrunber18>	yeah i think i could have a look.. seems like wrong include path.. not deep enough
T 1525357755 18<rgrunber18>	mbooth: ok i think i know the issue.. /me puts his thinking cap on.. needs to be solved in jenkins surprisingly
T 1525360444 18<rgrunber18>	mbooth: k testing out a solution.. the footers i've commented for now because i can't seem to find them anywhere, and i think removing them will look the same. should fix some images that weren't showing though.
T 1525360476 18<mbooth18>	rgrunber: Cool :-)
T 1525360523 18<rgrunber18>	basically there's relative paths at build (jenkins) time, and at html (runtime) viewing and they need to be different as the environment for both are different.
T 1525360536 18<rgrunber18>	i can change the other paths manually.. just wanna confirm it'll be fixed for the future.
T 1525360651 18*	mbooth wonders if you can sack php and generate static html for these pages
T 1525360695 18<rgrunber18>	mbooth: that is what i do. the pages are static.. the php runs at build time.
T 1525360700 18<scela18>	rgrunber: I like the nickname cc mbooth
T 1525360715 18<mbooth18>	rgrunber: Aha, gotcha
T 1525360727 18<rgrunber18>	ie.. pre-mars.2 if you do a view source, you see a very small html page, because it's calling php at "view-time"
T 1525360753 18<rgrunber18>	now i generate the page with php as part of the jenkins build cause.. how much could the page possibly change when the build is already determined.
T 1525363286 18<ericwill18>	mbooth re: https://bugs.eclipse.org/bugs/show_bug.cgi?id=534174#c12 that looks to be the culprit
T 1525363310 18<ericwill18>	mbooth if you prepare a patch I'll push it, build script stuff is not my forte
T 1525363364 18<mbenitez18>	eclipse-team: if you find any bugs where Ian was CCd could you please remove his address? that'd be really nice for my inbox :)
T 1525363508 18<ericwill18>	mbenitez he is probably following/watching the SWT inbox...he would have to log in and remove that himself, I don't think we can
T 1525363593 18<akurtakov18>	rgrunber: https://src.fedoraproject.org/rpms/eclipse/blob/master/f/eclipse-make-droplets-runnable.patch
T 1525363605 18<akurtakov18>	why do we ship without artifacts.xml
T 1525363617 18<akurtakov18>	due to checksums ?
T 1525363620 18<mbooth18>	ericwill: Okay, will take a look -- I suppose this never gets run upstream because natives are not built
T 1525363665 18<mbenitez18>	ericwill, then I guess I'm stuck as long as his RH email is the one on the bugs :(
T 1525363669 18<rgrunber18>	akurtakov: i believe it was just a decision in upstream p2 because most of the info from the artifacts file can be generated on the fly.. obviously except for the runnable flag..
T 1525363702 18<rgrunber18>	it didn't make sense to have to ship that extra file with data that's mostly not needed and can be determined..
T 1525363727 18<mbooth18>	rgrunber: Should we ship it? Is it a change needed in fp-p2 or xmvn?
T 1525363741 18<mbooth18>	To make our droplet usage more "standard"
T 1525363743 18<akurtakov18>	well the real question is will it break smth if we ship it ?
T 1525363762 18<rgrunber18>	yes iirc it does break some things not having it
T 1525363775 18<akurtakov18>	one thing I'm afraid of checksums failing 
T 1525363793 18<akurtakov18>	e.g. with thirdparty coming from other rpms
T 1525363796 18<akurtakov18>	as symlinks
T 1525363815 18<rgrunber18>	akurtakov: i can't reccall if all artifacts.xml files have checksum data embedded.. i've seen those that don't.
T 1525363861 18<mbooth18>	Maybe we could remove checksums if they aren't mandatory -- I mean we already don't ship checksums...
T 1525363878 18<rgrunber18>	ah.. so if i remember correctly i believe the bug is :.. if your droplet repo isn't recognized as runnable.. when you install new stuff.. it copies it over into your .eclipse instead of just referring to the location in /usr/share/eclipse/droplets...
T 1525363911 18<rgrunber18>	in the event that something you install depends on something you already have
T 1525363954 18<mbooth18>	Okay, and it *would* be recognized as runnable without this patch if there was a artifacts.xml with the droplet, right?
T 1525364007 18<rgrunber18>	yes
T 1525364028 18<akurtakov18>	mbooth: btw, this patch is not enough for droplets to work with upstream
T 1525364044 18<rgrunber18>	but iirc we went with no having that artifacts.xml file in the format.. ie.. less redundant data
T 1525364045 18<akurtakov18>	rgrunber: do you remember how ot test/develop droplets changes
T 1525364061 18<akurtakov18>	with upstream eclipse
T 1525364124 18<rgrunber18>	i believe so. are you planning to upstream the change ?
T 1525364160 18<rgrunber18>	there are also some tests in p2 upstream that should test droplet functionality.
T 1525364190 18<mbooth18>	You can use repo2runnable application to create p2 fragments too, IIRC
T 1525364196 18<mbooth18>	https://wiki.eclipse.org/Equinox/p2/P2_Fragments
T 1525364203 18<rgrunber18>	yup
T 1525364254 18<akurtakov18>	I want to see all this changes upstreamed in some way
T 1525364261 18<akurtakov18>	for now it's Mat's ui patches
T 1525364280 18<akurtakov18>	but I can't make droplets work with upstream Photon
T 1525364289 18<ericwill18>	mbenitez O
T 1525364303 18<ericwill18>	mbenitez *I'll ping him on facebook and ask him to remove himself
T 1525364308 18<akurtakov18>	what I tried is adding -Dp2.fragments=/usr/lib/eclipse/droplets,/usr/share/eclipse/droplets to vmargs in launch config
T 1525364323 18<akurtakov18>	also added the patch marking as executable
T 1525364377 18<mbenitez18>	ericwill, thanks, I just sent him an email to his external account
T 1525364521 18<akurtakov18>	rgrunber: if you can help me how to setup
T 1525364537 18<rgrunber18>	when you call repo2runnable you just need the -createFragments, and -flagAsRunnable arguments..
T 1525364559 18<rgrunber18>	you can then remove the artfacts/content jars/xmls generated.
T 1525364580 18<rgrunber18>	from there you just set the p2.fragments to include the directory that has the droplet locations.
T 1525364747 18<rgrunber18>	we perform the exact same steps in fp-p2 https://github.com/rgrunber/fedoraproject-p2/blob/master/org.fedoraproject.p2/src/org/fedoraproject/p2/installer/impl/Director.java#L105
T 1525364763 18<mbooth18>	akurtakov: Maybe something like this: https://paste.fedoraproject.org/paste/Hs4~b2DCA6ZyygfV55CNkQ
T 1525364778 18<akurtakov18>	rgrunber: shouldn't it work if I try to use the rpm installed droplets ?
T 1525364820 18<rgrunber18>	for the directory format, i'm pretty sure the folder you specify to p2.fragments property needs to be some top level folder.. and inside there are individual droplet folders, like /droplets contains droplet1, droplet2, etc.. they can be named anything
T 1525364835 18<rgrunber18>	mbooth: also needs the -createFragments property
T 1525364862 18<akurtakov18>	rgrunber:  -Dp2.fragments=/usr/lib/eclipse/droplets,/usr/share/eclipse/droplets
T 1525364878 18<rgrunber18>	yup
T 1525364902 18<akurtakov18>	but it's not working
T 1525364918 18<akurtakov18>	mbooth: hmm can it be the toplevel eclipse dir for which we patch in fedora ?
T 1525364938 18<rgrunber18>	could be that yes.. they have an additional 'eclipse' folder
T 1525364943 18<mbooth18>	akurtakov: Upstream also does not support symlinked bundles
T 1525364946 18<mbooth18>	:-/
T 1525364960 18<akurtakov18>	damn
T 1525364965 18*	akurtakov goes for dinner
T 1525364975 18<rgrunber18>	kk.. yeah need to run some errands but i can try it myself as well..
T 1525365039 18<mbooth18>	akurtakov: Oh yes, you might need to apply this patch to the upstream eclipse: https://src.fedoraproject.org/rpms/eclipse/blob/master/f/eclipse-adjust-droplets.patch
T 1525365054 18<mbooth18>	To support that extra 'eclipse' dir
T 1525365067 18*	mbooth is getting rid of the need for that
T 1525367582 18<mbooth18>	rgrunber / akurtakov: FWIW I don't think there are any checksums in the fragment metadata -- I think I will try shipping full fragments and seeing how many patches I can drop....
T 1525367622 18<mbooth18>	I don't really care if there is any duplicate metadata -- hard disk space is cheaper than engineering time
T 1525367670 18*	mbooth goes for dinner
