**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Mon Jul 25 15:40:23 2016

Jul 25 15:40:23 *	Now talking on #eclipse
Jul 25 15:40:23 *	Topic for #eclipse is: Eclipse discussions
Jul 25 15:40:23 *	Topic for #eclipse set by akurtakov!~akurtakov@vpn1-5-170.ams2.redhat.com (Tue May 17 08:53:56 2016)
Jul 25 15:51:23 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to palves
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Mon Jul 25 15:57:11 2016

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Mon Jul 25 15:57:11 2016

**** ENDING LOGGING AT Mon Jul 25 15:59:49 2016

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Mon Jul 25 15:59:49 2016

**** ENDING LOGGING AT Mon Jul 25 16:00:38 2016

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Mon Jul 25 16:00:38 2016

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Mon Jul 25 16:52:20 2016

Jul 25 16:52:20 *	Now talking on #eclipse
Jul 25 16:52:20 *	Topic for #eclipse is: Eclipse discussions
Jul 25 16:52:20 *	Topic for #eclipse set by akurtakov!~akurtakov@vpn1-5-170.ams2.redhat.com (Tue May 17 08:53:56 2016)
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Mon Jul 25 20:05:21 2016

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Mon Jul 25 20:05:21 2016

Jul 26 00:13:00 *	vkadlcik_gone is now known as vkadlcik
Jul 26 01:04:38 *	PiyushB is now known as PiyushB`afk
Jul 26 01:07:54 *	PiyushB`afk is now known as PiyushB
Jul 26 01:10:46 *	PiyushB is now known as PiyushB`afk
Jul 26 01:36:16 *	PiyushB`afk is now known as PiyushB
Jul 26 02:09:32 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to akurtakov
Jul 26 02:19:13 *	mcoufal_gone is now known as mcoufal
Jul 26 04:41:57 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to palves
Jul 26 05:00:28 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to palves
Jul 26 05:45:39 *	mcoufal is now known as mcoufal_afk
Jul 26 05:53:13 <PiyushB>	akurtakov, around ?
Jul 26 06:13:55 <PiyushB>	trying to get this eclipse 3.2 running, not sure where issue is... http://pastebin.test.redhat.com/395942
Jul 26 06:20:13 <mbooth>	"[root@ESMAD7IV04 ~]# eclipse"
Jul 26 06:20:35 <mbooth>	PiyushB: Did you mean to run Eclipse as root?
Jul 26 06:20:47 <mbooth>	It's generally not a good idea
Jul 26 06:20:57 <PiyushB>	mbooth, yes its root
Jul 26 06:21:34 <akurtakov>	PiyushB: that's not supported 
Jul 26 06:21:45 <akurtakov>	in later versions we added code to actually prevent it
Jul 26 06:21:50 <akurtakov>	mbooth: good catch
Jul 26 06:22:12 <akurtakov>	PiyushB: once you run it as root it will screw its metadata (on ancient versions)
Jul 26 06:22:15 *	mcoufal_afk is now known as mcoufal
Jul 26 06:22:41 <PiyushB>	akurtakov, right get it now! let me check is issue is for non root
Jul 26 06:23:04 <akurtakov>	PiyushB: running as root once it will screw for non-root too
Jul 26 06:23:26 <akurtakov>	please uninstall eclipse, make sure there is nothing left in libdir/eclipse
Jul 26 06:23:28 <mbooth>	PiyushB: There's a good chance you will need to re-install it since the master p2 profile might be screwed
Jul 26 06:23:36 <akurtakov>	install again and try again as non root
Jul 26 06:24:09 <PiyushB>	akurtakov, mbooth okay sure checking with cu.
Jul 26 06:39:47 *	jerboaa is now known as jerboaa|afk
Jul 26 07:28:02 *	jerboaa|afk is now known as jerboaa
Jul 26 07:29:59 *	mcoufal is now known as mcoufal_afk
Jul 26 07:57:19 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to patrickm
Jul 26 07:57:19 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to patrickm
Jul 26 08:09:07 *	mcoufal_afk is now known as mcoufal
Jul 26 08:55:32 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to mattn
Jul 26 09:15:41 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to ldimaggi_mtg2
Jul 26 09:19:24 *	PiyushB is now known as PiyushB`afk
Jul 26 09:21:02 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to mbenitez
Jul 26 09:48:27 *	Disconnected (Invalid argument)
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Tue Jul 26 09:48:27 2016

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Tue Jul 26 09:48:37 2016

Jul 26 09:48:37 *	Now talking on #eclipse
Jul 26 09:48:37 *	Topic for #eclipse is: Eclipse discussions
Jul 26 09:48:37 *	Topic for #eclipse set by akurtakov!~akurtakov@vpn1-5-170.ams2.redhat.com (Tue May 17 08:53:56 2016)
Jul 26 10:03:27 *	vkadlcik is now known as vkadlcik_gone
Jul 26 10:13:34 *	mcoufal is now known as mcoufal_gone
Jul 26 10:48:31 *	Disconnected (Connection timed out)
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Tue Jul 26 10:48:31 2016

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Tue Jul 26 11:07:18 2016

Jul 26 11:07:18 *	Now talking on #eclipse
Jul 26 11:07:18 *	Topic for #eclipse is: Eclipse discussions
Jul 26 11:07:18 *	Topic for #eclipse set by akurtakov!~akurtakov@vpn1-5-170.ams2.redhat.com (Tue May 17 08:53:56 2016)
Jul 26 11:16:03 *	ldimaggi_mtg4 is now known as ldimaggi_
Jul 26 12:06:10 *	ericwill is now known as ericwill|lunch
Jul 26 12:13:11 *	ipun is now known as xpun
Jul 26 12:16:14 *	PiyushB is now known as PiyushB`afk
Jul 26 12:26:35 <xcoulon>	jjohnstn: hello Jeff ! I'm running the maven build on master branch for the Docker tooling (after pulling the latest changes) and I have 3 or 4 errors (depending on the build). Do you have the same results locally ? 
Jul 26 12:26:42 <rgrunber>	xcoulon: welcome back :)
Jul 26 12:26:55 <xcoulon>	rgrunber: thanks !
Jul 26 12:27:33 <xcoulon>	rgrunber: sorry, I did not see you online when writing the message to Jeff. I guess I read too fast the list of online pple
Jul 26 12:27:45 <jjohnstn>	xcoulon: yes, welcome...I haven't seen any build errors in hudson
Jul 26 12:28:04 <xcoulon>	jjohnstn: ok.. damn'it.. 
Jul 26 12:28:15 <rgrunber>	what kind of error (test, building, ..)
Jul 26 12:28:29 <xcoulon>	jjohnstn: rgrunber: test failures, actually
Jul 26 12:28:37 <xcoulon>	Tests in error:
Jul 26 12:28:37 <xcoulon>	  BuildDockerImageShortcutSWTBotTest.shouldDisableCommandOnFirstCallWhenMissingConnection:99 » WidgetNotFound
Jul 26 12:28:37 <xcoulon>	  EditDockerConnectionSWTBotTest.shouldUpdateLaunchConfigurationWhenConnectionNameChanged:349->configureRunImageLaunchConfiguration:146 » ClassCast
Jul 26 12:28:37 <xcoulon>	  ImageRunSWTBotTest.shouldReportErrorIfContainerWithSameNameExists:97 » Timeout
Jul 26 12:29:10 <xcoulon>	but I see that there's a new dialog saying that there's no connection, asking to create a new one, and I suspect it might cause some issue with SWTBot
Jul 26 12:29:23 <xcoulon>	issue or side effect, to be more accurate
Jul 26 12:29:56 <jjohnstn>	yes, that would make sense
Jul 26 12:30:51 <xcoulon>	jjohnstn: ok, so before pushing a new version of my work for issue 496922 (I changed my code after your review), I'll probably submit a fix for the test failures. ok for you ?
Jul 26 12:31:12 <jjohnstn>	xcoulon: yes, that's fine
Jul 26 12:31:44 <rgrunber>	there's a new dialog for build launch shortcut that links to new connection wizard if no connections exist at all.
Jul 26 12:31:49 <xcoulon>	jjohnstn: rgrunber: do you remember which issue/patch brought this dialog ? 
Jul 26 12:32:25 <rgrunber>	https://git.eclipse.org/r/77638/
Jul 26 12:32:59 <mbenitez>	eclipse-team: Meeting tomorrow will be 30min earlier
Jul 26 12:34:58 <xcoulon>	rgrunber: thanks !
Jul 26 12:38:23 <xcoulon>	rgrunber: jjohnstn: may I ask.. should the shell be labelled "No Docker connection exists" (singular) or "No Docker connections exist" (plural) ? 
Jul 26 12:38:59 <xcoulon>	because we have both singular and plural messages and I wonder if both are valid in English ;-)
Jul 26 12:40:21 <rgrunber>	both seem right to me.. i guess i went with "no docker connections exist" though..
Jul 26 12:40:51 <xcoulon>	rgrunber: ok, thanks for clarifying. I'll probably rename the other label to be consistent with your, then
Jul 26 12:40:53 <rgrunber>	technically i think "no docker connecion exists" is better since the requirement is that at least one be present..
Jul 26 12:41:02 <xcoulon>	ha ok
Jul 26 12:41:09 <xcoulon>	so I'll edit it, then
Jul 26 12:41:31 <jjohnstn>	fine
Jul 26 12:42:14 *	ldimaggi_ is now known as ldimaggi_brb
Jul 26 12:42:26 <rgrunber>	iirc jeff wanted a more elaborate explanation for why the prompt comes up... what i wrote is here : https://git.eclipse.org/r/#/c/77638/5/containers/org.eclipse.linuxtools.docker.ui/src/org/eclipse/linuxtools/internal/docker/ui/commands/CommandMessages.properties
Jul 26 12:42:53 <akurtakov>	lufimtse: 
Jul 26 12:43:25 <akurtakov>	lufimtse: are you aware of mvn clean verify -Dnative=gtk.linux.x86 -Pbuild-individual-bundles 
Jul 26 12:43:52 <akurtakov>	doing that in the swt.binaries repo will rebuild the natives and put them in the proper places
Jul 26 12:44:06 <akurtakov>	I don't think adding yet another script isneeded
Jul 26 12:49:10 <lufimtse>	akurtakov, Interesting, no not aware
Jul 26 12:49:24 *	mattn is now known as mattn|lunch
Jul 26 12:49:31 <akurtakov>	lufimtse: this is what we use to build in fedora 
Jul 26 12:49:58 <akurtakov>	and this is what we will use once I manage to get the build at eclipse.org :)
Jul 26 13:05:43 *	ericwill|lunch is now known as ericwill
Jul 26 13:17:32 *	ldimaggi_brb is now known as ldimaggi_
Jul 26 13:29:31 *	mattn|lunch is now known as mattn
Jul 26 13:31:52 *	xpun is now known as ipun
Jul 26 13:38:50 <mbenitez>	nboldt, hi Nick! thanks for being so involved in the conversations :)
Jul 26 13:39:35 <mbenitez>	nboldt, re: the rpm work, we'll have a planning mtg tomorrow to get some more details into what we expect to achieve when, let's go from there
Jul 26 13:42:28 <nboldt>	mbenitez: excellent, thanks
Jul 26 13:42:46 <mbenitez>	np!
Jul 26 13:42:58 <nboldt>	btw, I use pidgin so if you ever see I'm not on IRC it could be because pidgin has silently crashed (often when VPN goes down)
Jul 26 13:43:14 <nboldt>	in that case, there's email/hipchat as backup :D
Jul 26 13:43:16 <mbenitez>	tomorrow we can find a victim ^W volunteer to help you :)
Jul 26 13:43:44 <nboldt>	I thought the victim was Matt Booth, as thrown into the volcano by akurtakov
Jul 26 13:44:03 <nboldt>	mbooth: ^
Jul 26 13:44:18 <mbenitez>	nboldt, thanks for letting me know, I believe in letting people be offline so if there was something that needed your attention I'll send a note for sure
Jul 26 13:44:31 <mbooth>	:-)
Jul 26 13:44:52 <akurtakov>	my bad, I miscalculated that rhscl alpha deadline is friday
Jul 26 13:44:53 <mbenitez>	nboldt, yes, Mat will help you, he's just been super busy preparing the dts/rhscl hand off for this Friday
Jul 26 13:45:14 <nboldt>	mbenitez: cool. could also be that I'm on another screen and not seeing the chihuahua-like blinking pidgin cursor notifying me of @mentions
Jul 26 13:45:31 <mbenitez>	haha
Jul 26 13:45:35 <akurtakov>	nboldt: I'll let other things aside and try to have simple spec file for usage tomorrow
Jul 26 13:45:53 <nboldt>	hey, no worries. we still have 6 weeks before devstudio has to be done for the next GA release ... two more sprints to go
Jul 26 13:46:05 <mbenitez>	nboldt, if you have specific questions at any point don't hesitate to just throw them here, anyone who's done pkg work will help
Jul 26 13:46:48 <akurtakov>	hmm, rgrunber is too calm when we speak for howto generate droplets :)
Jul 26 13:46:59 <nboldt>	I guess I need to get a vm with Fedora24 on it (currently do most work on F20) so I can actually use the rpm? what's your toolset for working with rpms and specfiles? (I think I've used the Eclipse specfile editor once.)
Jul 26 13:48:15 <rgrunber>	akurtakov: if that was calm.. imagine how i feel now that i'm discovering all these minor bugs.
Jul 26 13:49:03 <akurtakov>	nboldt: f24 is a prereq yes
Jul 26 13:50:07 <nboldt>	damn. OK. I'll go find an .iso and more disk space
Jul 26 13:50:10 <rgrunber>	mbooth: btw do you remember when we had a discussion with jeff about cdt not symlinking some thing (maybe lpg-java).. and we both agreed on something.. then never spoke of it again.
Jul 26 13:50:37 <nboldt>	...and some free time to set it up... and to migrate my ~/ folder to it... *sigh*
Jul 26 13:51:46 <mbooth>	rgrunber: Erm... now you're really quizzing me...
Jul 26 13:52:06 *	mbooth tries to remember what he had for breakfast...
Jul 26 13:52:22 <rgrunber>	mbooth: that convo is the reason i now set autolog on
Jul 26 13:52:42 <mbenitez>	nboldt, fun times :) if you need anything [other than time] let me know
Jul 26 13:52:54 <mbooth>	rgrunber: I'm sure there's a million entries if I grep my logs for "symlink" :-(
Jul 26 13:53:43 <rgrunber>	hmm maybe cdt.. jjohnstn , long story short cdt-parsers stuff is not started because symlink to lpg-java isn't in any of the cdt plugins/ folders
Jul 26 13:54:02 <rgrunber>	yet the 'requires' exist in the rpm metadata..
Jul 26 13:54:42 <mbooth>	rgrunber: Hmm, actually I remember a conversation about freemarker...
Jul 26 13:54:52 <mbooth>	Or was that something different
Jul 26 13:55:14 <rgrunber>	mbooth: i fixed freemarker according to the commits..
Jul 26 13:55:20 <rgrunber>	for arduino
Jul 26 13:56:21 <rgrunber>	umm nvm can't find it but i fixed some symlinks..
Jul 26 13:58:27 <rgrunber>	anyways it looks like i'd have to debug fedoraproject-p2 or at least rebuild with -X to figure out why symlink is not generated.. so just wanted to see if anyone remembered the convo before i go down that rabbit hole.
Jul 26 14:07:21 <mbenitez>	akazakov, hi Alexey, I updated the calendar invite for tomorrow, I added those who've been in the conversation so far, let me know if I missed anybody or just go ahead and add them
Jul 26 14:07:49 <akazakov>	mbenitez, thanks!
Jul 26 14:07:59 <akazakov>	I also added Jeff.
Jul 26 14:08:18 <mbenitez>	sounds good :)
Jul 26 14:10:09 <mbenitez>	akazakov, re: mailing list I can subscribe people [I think] could you please just email me the names?
Jul 26 14:10:35 <akazakov>	mbenitez, sure
Jul 26 14:17:16 <akazakov>	mbenitez, sent the list
Jul 26 14:17:21 <mbenitez>	thank you
Jul 26 15:05:02 *	ebaron is now known as ebaron_afk
Jul 26 15:54:23 <nboldt>	hey, dumb question... any recommendations for a better IRC client that works on both fedora and windows10?
Jul 26 15:54:39 <ericwill>	nboldt I think Hexchat is Linux and Windows
Jul 26 15:58:29 <nboldt>	ericwill: but is it good? can it hold channels open persistently even if i minimize them? @notifications? logging? 
Jul 26 16:00:31 <nboldt>	ah, I see that's a yes for autoconnect & join on startup
Jul 26 16:01:01 <ericwill>	nboldt yup, should do all of that
Jul 26 16:01:27 <ericwill>	minimizes to the tray and will show a balloon notification when you get pinged
Jul 26 16:02:12 <rgrunber>	is that fancy windows bash thing good enough to run irssi ? :P
Jul 26 16:02:47 <nboldt>	maaybe
Jul 26 16:02:57 <nboldt>	otherwise there's cygwin, mingw, git bash, ...
Jul 26 16:03:34 <nboldt>	and that embedded linux bash thing *cough* ubuntu */cough*
Jul 26 16:05:05 <lufimtse>	nboldt, I haven't tried Hexchat on Windows, but works well on linux OS.g_object_get (settings, WebKitGTK.geometry, geometry, 0);
Jul 26 16:05:12 <lufimtse>	^ https://hexchat.github.io/downloads.html
Jul 26 16:05:18 <lufimtse>	wrong clipboard content lol.
Jul 26 16:05:29 <nboldt>	lol, thannks
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Tue Jul 26 16:10:30 2016

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Tue Jul 26 16:10:30 2016

**** ENDING LOGGING AT Tue Jul 26 16:12:19 2016

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Tue Jul 26 16:12:19 2016

Jul 26 17:04:49 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to palves_
Jul 27 02:56:57 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to akurtakov
Jul 27 04:45:31 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to akurtakov
Jul 27 05:22:55 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to palves
Jul 27 07:57:06 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to mattn
Jul 27 08:32:20 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to mbenitez ldimaggi
Jul 27 09:26:18 <xcoulon>	jjohnstn: hello Jeff. Could you give a look at https://git.eclipse.org/r/#/c/77972/ ? It's mostly about fixing test failures. The only relevant change is in the DockerConnection class, where I set the state to 'CLOSED' when an error occurred when opening the connection
Jul 27 09:26:46 <mbenitez>	xcoulon, hi, Jeff is on pto until next Tuesday
Jul 27 09:27:21 <xcoulon>	mbenitez: ha ok… I saw him online and I did not know he was on PTO
Jul 27 09:27:36 <xcoulon>	mbenitez: thanks
Jul 27 09:27:52 <mbenitez>	xcoulon, yes :) that is very confusing, Roland should be in soon, maybe he can help you
Jul 27 09:27:52 <xcoulon>	jjohnstn: never mind, enjoy your PTO
Jul 27 09:28:04 <xcoulon>	mbenitez: yes, I'll wait for him ;-)
Jul 27 09:30:06 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to patrickm
Jul 27 09:42:01 <mbenitez>	eclipse-team: meeting 30 min earlier today, in ~50 min
Jul 27 09:48:10 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to rgrunber
Jul 27 09:59:20 <xcoulon>	rgrunber: hello Roland. Would you mind giving a look at https://git.eclipse.org/r/#/c/77972/ ? 
Jul 27 09:59:53 <xcoulon>	also, I sent a couple of mails this morning but we should discuss about them when Jeff comes back from PTO. Ok for you ?
Jul 27 10:01:56 <rgrunber>	was just about to send email, basically http://wiki.eclipse.org/Evolving_Java-based_APIs_2#Evolving_API_interfaces_-_API_methods
Jul 27 10:05:58 <xcoulon>	rgrunber: thanks for the link. But from my understanding, adding a method in IDockerConnectionSettingsFinder breaks the compatibility, right ?
Jul 27 10:08:40 <rgrunber>	exception is if it doesn't need to be implemented by clients then it's only breaking source compatibility or contract compatibility.
Jul 27 10:09:17 <xcoulon>	rgrunber: how does this method addition changes from what I proposed in my patches ?
Jul 27 10:09:25 <rgrunber>	i could just make it internal and not expose it at all.
Jul 27 10:09:31 <xcoulon>	s/changes/change/
Jul 27 10:10:12 <xcoulon>	rgrunber: what I'm trying to understand is if this is a valid addition or not, since all my proposals were rejected.
Jul 27 10:11:50 <rgrunber>	we'll find some way around getting the change in... worst case we just have to not expose any new methods through the interface.
Jul 27 10:12:44 <xcoulon>	rgrunber: "we'll find some way around getting the change in... " <- ok, fine. Then we can do the same on IDockerConnection and IDockerImage, ok ?
Jul 27 10:13:55 <rgrunber>	we can do the same thing.. just not add them to the public api for 5.1
Jul 27 10:14:10 <xcoulon>	ok
Jul 27 10:18:55 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to mbenitez
Jul 27 10:23:06 <mbenitez>	mbooth, hi,did you see jorton's question in #softwarecollections ? if you haven't yet please reply
Jul 27 10:25:58 <akurtakov>	mbooth: rgrunber: also in case you haven't planned it - please attend the meeting write after the team one
Jul 27 10:26:19 <rgrunber>	akurtakov: will do
Jul 27 10:27:02 <mbenitez>	rgrunber, just sent the invite to you
Jul 27 10:45:29 *	Disconnected (Connection timed out)
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Wed Jul 27 10:45:29 2016

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Wed Jul 27 11:58:48 2016

Jul 27 11:58:48 *	Now talking on #eclipse
Jul 27 11:58:48 *	Topic for #eclipse is: Eclipse discussions
Jul 27 11:58:48 *	Topic for #eclipse set by akurtakov!~akurtakov@vpn1-5-170.ams2.redhat.com (Tue May 17 08:53:56 2016)
Jul 27 12:00:25 <mbenitez>	nboldt, thank you for keeping an eye on the notes, I miss stuff :\
Jul 27 12:00:27 <nboldt>	xcoulon: G2 sprint planning meeting is on now
Jul 27 12:00:57 <nboldt>	xcoulon: so rgrunber might be busy for another 30 mins in that call
Jul 27 12:01:41 <xcoulon>	nboldt: ok, thanks for the info
Jul 27 12:37:49 <rgrunber>	xcoulon: i will, seems to be the right thing to do (set the state)..
Jul 27 12:39:31 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to mcermak
Jul 27 12:41:19 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to mbenitez
Jul 27 12:41:19 <xcoulon>	rgrunber: great, thanks !
Jul 27 12:42:21 <xcoulon>	rgrunber: I think you'll want to skip all the changes in the SWTBot tests, it's really a matter of dealing with all the new connection created by the new extension points that you added
Jul 27 12:48:39 <nboldt>	ldimaggi_mtg4: mbenitez: akazakov akurtakov: would a better name for the "A" RPM be devstudio-root? 
Jul 27 12:48:57 <nboldt>	or devstudio-stem?
Jul 27 12:49:08 <akurtakov>	what's "A"
Jul 27 12:49:13 <akurtakov>	the shared one ?
Jul 27 12:49:17 <nboldt>	yes
Jul 27 12:49:25 <nboldt>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EguQBtlIOXCz5CGCoAO3MEWDnNXITv0st6dhIk8Cwac/edit# scroll to near the bottom
Jul 27 12:49:47 <mbenitez>	I like the root idea but shouldn't it be eclipse? since it's platform
Jul 27 12:50:00 <mbenitez>	+ other common components
Jul 27 12:50:05 <nboldt>	right... 
Jul 27 12:50:08 <akurtakov>	that's implementation detail, which comes from the scl metapackage
Jul 27 12:50:11 <nboldt>	so devstudio-eclipse-common ?
Jul 27 12:50:35 <nboldt>	akurtakov: I know it's an implementation detail, I'm just wondering what the best name for it would be 
Jul 27 12:50:44 <mbenitez>	akurtakov, agreed that it's implementation detail, I think nboldt just wants to clarify
Jul 27 12:50:54 <mbenitez>	and it would help so we all know what we're talking about
Jul 27 12:50:59 <nboldt>	(contrary to popular belief I do more than just meetings/minutes and creation of trello cards)
Jul 27 12:51:05 <mbenitez>	haha
Jul 27 12:51:06 <akurtakov>	well, as scls prepend
Jul 27 12:51:18 <akurtakov>	the scl name
Jul 27 12:51:52 <akurtakov>	it will be rh-eclipse46-smth
Jul 27 12:52:01 <nboldt>	ah
Jul 27 12:52:04 <akurtakov>	I see that mbooth went for https://brewweb.engineering.redhat.com/brew/buildinfo?buildID=505275
Jul 27 12:52:09 <akurtakov>	aka rh-eclipse46-base
Jul 27 12:52:15 <mbenitez>	that smth could be root
Jul 27 12:52:24 <nboldt>	could be smdh too :D
Jul 27 12:52:40 <mbooth>	It can still change :-)
Jul 27 12:52:46 <mbenitez>	nboldt, this is the meta rpm for eclipse currently https://brewweb.engineering.redhat.com/brew/buildinfo?buildID=505275
Jul 27 12:52:48 <nboldt>	because I do that a lot these days when I'm asking about base/common/commons/foundation/root/stem/underpinning/stuff-below
Jul 27 12:52:50 <akurtakov>	BUT we can add Provides: devstudio-common-common and etc.
Jul 27 12:53:13 <akurtakov>	so `yum install devstudio-eclipse-common` still works 
Jul 27 12:53:16 <mbooth>	Currently: "rh-eclipse46" -> installs everything in the SCL / "rh-eclipse46-base" -> installs only things shared by the SCL and DevStudio
Jul 27 12:53:26 <xcoulon>	rgrunber: thanks for the patch review !
Jul 27 12:53:39 <mbenitez>	mbooth, nice
Jul 27 12:53:40 <xcoulon>	I marked the issue as resolved/fixed
Jul 27 12:54:00 <akurtakov>	nboldt: ah, so you're on to clarifying things 
Jul 27 12:54:06 *	akurtakov thought of user experience
Jul 27 12:54:20 <mbooth>	But if you prefer it to be called something other than "...-base" now is the time :-)
Jul 27 12:54:55 <nboldt>	yeah, that's why I'm bringing it up
Jul 27 12:55:08 <nboldt>	to avoid "which base do you mean?" questions
Jul 27 12:55:20 <mbenitez>	could it be something like IDE?
Jul 27 12:55:32 <akurtakov>	so we make it which ide :)
Jul 27 12:55:48 <akurtakov>	I tried to stick to shared(components) but it didn't work better
Jul 27 12:55:56 <akurtakov>	kind of lost hope to clarify this one
Jul 27 12:56:13 <mbenitez>	well, it's rh-eclipse-ide...
Jul 27 12:56:25 <mbenitez>	but base is fine with me
Jul 27 12:57:54 <mbooth>	akurtakov: It could be rh-eclipse46-shared-components, if you like your RPM names nice and descriptive ;-)
Jul 27 12:58:20 <akurtakov>	mbooth: well, I read the %description usually :)
Jul 27 12:58:34 <akurtakov>	it's not me that cares about this one :)
Jul 27 12:59:08 <mbenitez>	actually, if the default is to install only the common stuff that should be rh-eclipse46
Jul 27 12:59:39 <mbenitez>	then instead of a base we'd have an rh-eclipse-all or linux or such
Jul 27 12:59:46 <mbooth>	I mean, it's pretty academic, because the devstudio RPM would just have Requires: rh-eclipse46-whatever-we-call-it and users will never see it
Jul 27 13:01:22 <mbooth>	mbenitez: I dislike going against the established convention of what you get when you install the unadorned "rh-eclipse46" package (do we want to have different behaviour to other SCLs?)
Jul 27 13:02:31 <mbenitez>	mbooth, agreed on not going against convention, where will the devstudio rpm live?
Jul 27 13:02:41 <mbenitez>	rh-eclipse46-devstudio?
Jul 27 13:04:14 <mbooth>	Good question...
Jul 27 13:04:44 <mbenitez>	I think once we figure that we can get the names straight
Jul 27 13:05:03 <mbooth>	If it's not shipping as part of the SCL, it doesn't need to have the rh-eclipse46 prefix
Jul 27 13:05:20 <mbenitez>	if it is inside the collection [which I think makes sense] then the meta will install it too
Jul 27 13:05:59 <mbenitez>	if it's not inside the collection it would be another collection, in theory a separate channel...
Jul 27 13:07:15 <mbooth>	mbenitez: Can we ship binary-only rpms through a RHEL channel?
Jul 27 13:07:17 <mbenitez>	the idea is to ship an 'eclipse product' with potentially 2 customer bases: devstudio and c/c++
Jul 27 13:09:00 <mbenitez>	mbooth, I don't know, I'd think no, maybe worth us talking to nboldt about how they are delivering things
Jul 27 13:09:15 <mbenitez>	maybe we should schedule a call for that
Jul 27 13:09:55 <akurtakov>	mbenitez: I think we should go with the freedom to have yum repo separately for now
Jul 27 13:10:15 <akurtakov>	not puting it in any channel and etc.
Jul 27 13:10:22 <mbenitez>	ok
Jul 27 13:10:31 <akurtakov>	just generate the devstudio rpms and run createrepo
Jul 27 13:11:29 <akurtakov>	if/when someone clears the shipping not-build from source in channels
Jul 27 13:11:40 <akurtakov>	we can think of having channel for it
Jul 27 13:12:16 <akurtakov>	but for the initial release that would be an overkill as I would bet this question will not be cleared :)
Jul 27 13:23:25 <mbooth>	mbenitez: BTW, erratum is created: https://errata.devel.redhat.com/advisory/24366
Jul 27 13:23:47 <mbooth>	Had to also make the bug "modified"
Jul 27 13:24:35 <mbooth>	Should be called "BureaucracyZilla"
Jul 27 13:25:47 <nboldt>	mbenitez: we deliver things via a release-engineering@redhat.com / RCM ticket. siege then copies the zips & jars from internal server to CSP stging server and download manager, gets approval from QE, and pushes things to production.
Jul 27 13:26:39 <nboldt>	I've no idea what the rules are for binary-only RPMs, but we ship binary-only installer & update sites, with either a sources zip beside it or a link back to github for fresh sources
Jul 27 13:32:13 <mbooth>	nboldt: A yum repo is not that different to a p2 repo -- your rpms could probably be the same way.
Jul 27 13:32:30 <mbooth>	s/probably be/probably be delivered/
Jul 27 13:32:55 <nboldt>	so we're currently thinking of rh-eclipse46-base, rh-eclipse46-c++, and rh-eclipse46-devstudio as the three rpms?
Jul 27 13:33:17 <nboldt>	mbooth: ^ ?
Jul 27 13:33:49 <nboldt>	or maybe the second one is called rh-eclipse46-linuxtools-and-profiling-and-cdt-and-so-on....
Jul 27 13:34:34 <mbooth>	nboldt: Or maybe "rh-eclipse46-dts" instead of "...c++" since you'd get the same tools as your used to from the old DTS product
Jul 27 13:35:00 <nboldt>	ah, ok
Jul 27 13:35:14 <nboldt>	mbooth: so we have a "base/commons/whatever" one and two named for products?
Jul 27 13:35:50 <nboldt>	rh-eclipse46-basic-common-shared-stuff, rh-eclipse46-dts, rh-eclipse46-devstudio ?
Jul 27 13:35:57 <mbooth>	Sounds reasonable
Jul 27 13:36:11 <mbooth>	akurtakov: Thoughts? ^
Jul 27 13:36:15 <nboldt>	but these are metapackages for stuff underneath, right?
Jul 27 13:36:22 <mbooth>	nboldt: Yes
Jul 27 13:36:39 <nboldt>	so rh-eclipse46-devstudio would actually install things like eclipse-webtools, eclipse-datatools, eclipse-gef, eclipse-mylyn, ...
Jul 27 13:37:00 <nboldt>	and possibly an rpm called devstudio-javaee-datatools-something-something
Jul 27 13:37:29 <akurtakov>	mbooth: what do you ask exactly?
Jul 27 13:38:00 <nboldt>	akurtakov: names of the three RHSCL metpackages: rh-eclipse46-basic-common-shared-stuff, rh-eclipse46-dts, rh-eclipse46-devstudio ?
Jul 27 13:38:10 <nboldt>	metapackages*
Jul 27 13:39:07 <akurtakov>	the third one rh-eclipse46-devstudio can be named just rhdevstudio as it woud not come from this metapackage as content for it will not be in that channel
Jul 27 13:40:00 <akurtakov>	so rh-eclipse46-dts will be additional Provides to rh-eclipse46 (as this one must install the whole scl as per convention)
Jul 27 13:40:52 <akurtakov>	actually eclipse is separate scl now
Jul 27 13:40:59 <nboldt>	akurtakov: so you'd call the three packages rh-eclipse46, rh-eclipse46-dts, and rhdevstudio ?
Jul 27 13:41:12 <akurtakov>	so we should not mention scl 
Jul 27 13:41:15 <akurtakov>	er dts
Jul 27 13:41:26 <nboldt>	because product no longer exists?
Jul 27 13:41:37 <nboldt>	*will no longer* exist?
Jul 27 13:41:42 <akurtakov>	no, because eclipse is split from it
Jul 27 13:41:58 <akurtakov>	and dts becomes toolchain (gcc, gdb...) only
Jul 27 13:43:01 <akurtakov>	so rh-eclipse46 is the current dts eclipse (Provides can be added for yum install "coolname" to work
Jul 27 13:43:31 <nboldt>	ok, can we at least decide what the devstudio "C" package will be called?
Jul 27 13:43:42 <akurtakov>	the only thing in question is what to append after rh-eclipse46- for the shared one
Jul 27 13:43:45 <nboldt>	devstudio-javaee (because it's mostly for javaee work) ?
Jul 27 13:43:54 <akurtakov>	I like rhdevstudio
Jul 27 13:44:01 <nboldt>	or rh-eclipse46-devstudio ?
Jul 27 13:44:11 <nboldt>	rhdevstudio is probably forbidden by Brand
Jul 27 13:44:19 <akurtakov>	meh :)
Jul 27 13:44:54 <nboldt>	having been on the receiving end of Brand/UX screwing me over not once but twice in the last GA release, I can assure you that we need to do things according to the Book Of Brand
Jul 27 13:45:11 <akurtakov>	so let it be rh-eclipse46-devstudio :)
Jul 27 13:45:13 <nboldt>	failure to adhere to their rules will result in 11th hour panic & extra work
Jul 27 13:45:16 <nboldt>	ok
Jul 27 13:45:46 <nboldt>	so in this context "devstudio" is all the stuff that makes the current devstudio be devstudio, EXCEPT its upstream eclipse-* dependencies
Jul 27 13:45:53 <akurtakov>	I would rather see UX people starting eclipse and working on simplifying real UX 
Jul 27 13:46:04 <akurtakov>	nboldt: yes
Jul 27 13:46:05 <nboldt>	thus jbosstools, com.jboss.devstudio.* features, and some eclipse stuff that's not avaialble in rpms
Jul 27 13:47:00 <akurtakov>	UX should deal with real UX like https://wiki.gnome.org/Design/ not with package names
Jul 27 13:49:28 <akurtakov>	e.g. smth like https://wiki.gnome.org/Design/Apps/Boxes for the docker plugins 
Jul 27 13:49:52 <akurtakov>	but I can only dream on focusing on real, user facing stuff
Jul 27 13:51:52 <nboldt>	mbenitez: if it would help, I can add people to the eclipse-list@ list for you. but you'll have to make me an admin and fwd me a list of email addresses
Jul 27 13:56:59 <mbenitez>	nboldt, thanks for the offer!
Jul 27 13:57:07 <nboldt>	ldimaggi_: have I captured all the testing cases you want here? https://trello.com/c/nW3ajKJa/7-wrap-new-devstudio-javaee-update-site-inside-an-rpm-for-linux-installs
Jul 27 13:57:28 <nboldt>	if you want to split that into another card so you can track QE stuff separately, feel free
Jul 27 13:58:05 <nboldt>	(much of the discussion at the G2 sprint plan was "is a card done if the doc's not done? what if the work's done, the doc's done, but the doc's not QE'd?"
Jul 27 13:58:24 <nboldt>	... to which I would say "you need a second card for the doc team's work")
Jul 27 13:58:33 <mbenitez>	mbooth, I like the new name "BureaucracyZilla" :D thanks for creating the errata
Jul 27 13:58:59 <ldimaggi_>	nboldt, looking
Jul 27 14:28:12 <akazakov>	nboldt, why do you call it devstudio-javaee ?
Jul 27 14:28:26 <akazakov>	it's not only javee stuff, right?
Jul 27 14:29:13 <nboldt>	got a better name, akazakov ?
Jul 27 14:29:21 <nboldt>	devstudio-devstudio seems daft
Jul 27 14:29:31 <nboldt>	and devstudio-common isn't true
Jul 27 14:29:45 <akazakov>	javaee is not true either..
Jul 27 14:29:53 <nboldt>	we already use "devstudio core" to differentiate from integration stack, so it's a subset of core
Jul 27 14:30:01 <nboldt>	devstudio-subcore?
Jul 27 14:30:42 <akazakov>	this name is for update site only, correct?
Jul 27 14:31:10 <nboldt>	yes
Jul 27 14:31:26 <nboldt>	to differentiate it from the core, central, earlyaccess, targetplatform-*, etc.
Jul 27 14:36:37 <akazakov>	nboldt, I don't know.. maybe devstudio-tools.. I'm bad with names...
Jul 27 15:30:33 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to palves
Jul 27 16:37:02 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to palves
Jul 27 17:02:00 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to ebaron
Jul 28 02:11:49 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to akurtakov
Jul 28 04:52:11 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to palves
Jul 28 08:27:30 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to mbenitez
Jul 28 08:44:37 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to patrickm
Jul 28 08:51:26 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to ldimaggi
Jul 28 08:58:48 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to mattn
Jul 28 09:13:00 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to rgrunber
Jul 28 09:51:31 <ipun>	akurtakov: could you send me the information about the menu popping up in the wrong location when you have time? thanks!
Jul 28 09:51:43 <akurtakov>	oops, too many things going
Jul 28 09:52:17 <ipun>	no problem
Jul 28 09:58:21 *	akurtakov looks for relevant bugs - already closed 3 ancient bugs
Jul 28 10:04:08 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to patrickm
Jul 28 10:11:01 <akurtakov>	ipun: still trying to find it 
Jul 28 10:19:24 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to mbenitez
Jul 28 10:32:14 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to ebaron
Jul 28 11:19:01 <akazakov>	mbenitez, just added you to the call with Pete, akurtakov and me to discuss RPM stuff
Jul 28 11:28:08 <akurtakov>	ipun: can't find it now
Jul 28 11:28:25 <akurtakov>	it's somewhere in bz 
Jul 28 11:29:22 <akurtakov>	we badly need someone to do basic triaging as things start to take way too long to just find something
Jul 28 11:30:58 <ericwill>	akurtakov good news: ipun and I are working on a patch with the GTK guys for the font business
Jul 28 11:31:10 <ericwill>	early testing shows that it fixes the bug
Jul 28 11:31:20 <akurtakov>	ericwill: perfect, I badly need good news
Jul 28 11:31:28 <akurtakov>	on the gtk side or swt
Jul 28 11:31:33 <ipun>	akurtakov its looking promising, but we will not be using css 
Jul 28 11:31:46 <akurtakov>	as long as it works
Jul 28 11:32:00 <ipun>	at this point, absolutely.
Jul 28 11:38:57 <ericwill>	akurtakov yeah I'm talking to Benjamin now, will let you know once I final patch is done
Jul 28 11:45:35 <mbenitez>	akazakov, thanks
Jul 28 11:48:29 <akurtakov>	ericwill: perfect
Jul 28 12:05:27 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to mbenitez
Jul 28 13:47:56 <ericwill>	akurtakov https://bugs.eclipse.org/bugs/show_bug.cgi?id=494183#c5
Jul 28 13:47:58 <ericwill>	it's done :)
Jul 28 13:48:42 <akurtakov>	ericwill: so this means only 3.21.x versions will be broken, right
Jul 28 13:48:55 <ericwill>	akurtakov only the ones up till now
Jul 28 13:49:03 <ericwill>	the next point release of 3.21 will have it fixed
Jul 28 13:49:32 <ericwill>	so it should be in 3.21.5
Jul 28 13:57:09 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to ebaron
Jul 28 14:18:33 <akurtakov>	ericwill: perfect, works for me
Jul 28 14:44:21 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to palves_
Jul 28 16:26:11 <patrickm>	akurtakov: i'll pay more attention to the devtools-* mailing lists from now on.... it's usually my Friday afternoon reading but can see i need to monitor them more closely
Jul 28 16:26:49 <akurtakov>	patrickm: thanks
Jul 28 16:27:36 <patrickm>	akurtakov: if you don't see a timely response to mailing list chatter from me, it's most likely because i haven't seen it... a nudge is all that is required
Jul 28 16:28:05 <akurtakov>	ok :)
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Thu Jul 28 16:34:33 2016

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Thu Jul 28 16:34:57 2016

Jul 28 16:34:57 *	Now talking on #eclipse
Jul 28 16:34:57 *	Topic for #eclipse is: Eclipse discussions
Jul 28 16:34:57 *	Topic for #eclipse set by akurtakov!~akurtakov@vpn1-5-170.ams2.redhat.com (Tue May 17 08:53:56 2016)
Jul 28 16:45:01 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to ebaron
Jul 28 17:07:41 <ericwill>	akurtakov fast code review :)
Jul 28 17:08:09 <akurtakov>	everything taking less than 15 mins is done immediately :)
Jul 28 17:39:34 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to patrickm
Jul 28 17:41:40 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to mattn
Jul 28 17:47:12 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to mbenitez
Jul 28 20:31:48 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to ldimaggi
Jul 29 01:34:23 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to akurtakov
Jul 29 05:14:19 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to palves_
Jul 29 08:29:08 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to ldimaggi
Jul 29 09:02:45 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to mbenitez
Jul 29 09:44:15 <ericwill>	mbooth ping, re: https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1348912
Jul 29 09:44:20 <ericwill>	no back port needed, it's fixed in upstream GTK
Jul 29 09:45:07 <mbenitez>	mbooth, I like your status report, I'll get you a t-shirt with the first line :D
Jul 29 09:45:58 <mbooth>	ericwill: Cool :-) was this a problem in F25+ only?
Jul 29 09:46:15 <ericwill>	mbooth yes, only a problem in GTK 3.21.x
Jul 29 09:46:22 <ericwill>	so only rawhide
Jul 29 09:47:08 <mbooth>	ericwill: Awesome, would you please add a note to the bug saying which version gtk you expect the fix to be in?
Jul 29 09:47:20 <ericwill>	mbooth just did :)
Jul 29 09:47:46 <mbooth>	Nice one, ta :-)
Jul 29 09:53:49 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to rgrunber
Jul 29 10:34:06 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to ebaron
Jul 29 11:09:01 *	Disconnected (Connection timed out)
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Fri Jul 29 11:09:01 2016

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Fri Jul 29 11:30:09 2016

Jul 29 11:30:09 *	Now talking on #eclipse
Jul 29 11:30:09 *	Topic for #eclipse is: Eclipse discussions
Jul 29 11:30:09 *	Topic for #eclipse set by akurtakov!~akurtakov@vpn1-5-170.ams2.redhat.com (Tue May 17 08:53:56 2016)
Jul 29 15:25:10 <akurtakov>	ericwill: big thanks for the ancient bugs triage - highly appreciated
Jul 29 15:25:28 <ericwill>	akurtakov yeah I didn't feel like thinking much today :)
Jul 29 15:25:33 <ericwill>	I am getting a kick out of these old bugs
Jul 29 15:25:42 <ericwill>	check out this screen shot: https://bugs.eclipse.org/bugs/attachment.cgi?id=66387
Jul 29 15:25:46 <ericwill>	so old
Jul 29 15:27:24 <akurtakov>	ericwill: hey this brings sweet memories 
Jul 29 15:28:07 *	akurtakov has been working on mandriva at that time
Jul 29 15:28:43 <ericwill>	:)
Jul 29 15:45:55 <rgrunber>	org.spearce.egit... wow.. 
Jul 29 16:24:03 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to patrickm_
Jul 30 02:10:09 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to akurtakov
Jul 30 07:31:29 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to akurtakov
Jul 30 11:31:37 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to ldimaggi
Jul 31 03:40:32 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to akurtakov
Jul 31 03:46:12 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to akurtakov
Jul 31 14:46:33 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to akurtakov
Aug 01 02:25:24 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to akurtakov
Aug 01 02:25:25 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to akurtakov
Aug 01 03:59:19 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to akurtakov
Aug 01 03:59:19 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to akurtakov
Aug 01 04:00:23 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to akurtakov
Aug 01 05:35:27 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to palves
Aug 01 08:48:11 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to mattn
Aug 01 08:51:24 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to ldimaggi
Aug 01 09:04:51 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to ldimaggi
Aug 01 10:31:40 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to mattn
Aug 01 12:51:39 <akurtakov>	mbooth: I got two "DTS Eclipse" menus in Programing menu :)
Aug 01 12:52:40 <mbooth>	D'oh
Aug 01 12:53:05 <akurtakov>	mbooth: sorry, I'm still doing proof reading :)
Aug 01 12:53:15 <mbooth>	akurtakov: What do you think it should say now it's not part of DTS?
Aug 01 12:53:23 <mbooth>	Just "Eclipse Neon" maybe?
Aug 01 12:53:39 <akurtakov>	Red Hat Eclipse? 
Aug 01 12:53:52 <mbooth>	That works for me :-)
Aug 01 12:53:57 <akurtakov>	:)
Aug 01 12:55:01 <akurtakov>	mbooth: I guess standalone debugger desktop file would need similar change
Aug 01 12:55:07 <mbooth>	Yeah
Aug 01 12:55:19 <akurtakov>	at least everything installed fine now :)
Aug 01 18:24:06 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to ldimaggi_
Aug 02 02:01:44 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to akurtakov
Aug 02 02:01:45 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to akurtakov
Aug 02 04:53:23 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to palves
Aug 02 06:05:28 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to akurtakov
Aug 02 08:29:31 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to ldimaggi
Aug 02 08:47:42 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to mattn
Aug 02 09:09:59 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to mbenitez
Aug 02 09:26:26 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to rgrunber
Aug 02 09:35:52 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to mbenitez
Aug 02 09:51:11 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to mbenitez
Aug 02 10:08:36 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to mbenitez
Aug 02 10:22:57 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to patrickm
Aug 02 10:32:49 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to ebaron
Aug 02 11:21:39 <mbenitez>	eclipse-team: if interested Toolchain Monthly sync with other Tech Leads [Guest: gdb team to talk ISO C++ 17 debug] in ~40min
Aug 02 11:21:46 <mbenitez>	https://bluejeans.com/4263586967
Aug 02 11:34:38 <xcoulon>	rgrunber: jjohnstn: hello ! would you be available tomorrow for a quick weekly call ? We now have our own dashboard on JIRA for the sprint planning (https://issues.jboss.org/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=3636&view=planning), so we could discuss about it and see what we plan to do for the current sprint. 
Aug 02 11:43:21 <rgrunber>	xcoulon: i'm available.. not sure if jeff is back.
Aug 02 11:43:53 <xcoulon>	rgrunber: oh, I thought he was back yesterday. Or is it on Thursday ? 
Aug 02 11:44:34 <rgrunber>	xcoulon: i don't see him as being on pto..so i'm guessing should be today.
Aug 02 11:44:53 <rgrunber>	jjohnstn: ^
Aug 02 11:51:28 <jjohnstn>	xcoulon: tomorrow is fine...what time?
Aug 02 11:52:08 <xcoulon>	jjohnstn: rgrunber: same as usual ? 9am for you / 3pm for you ?
Aug 02 11:59:12 <xcoulon>	rgrunber: jjohnstn: I just sent the invitations for tomorrow. Please let me know if this works for you
Aug 02 11:59:45 <xcoulon>	or if you want it a bit later (but not too much, I also have family constraints at 5pm CET)
Aug 02 12:31:05 <jjohnstn>	xcoulon: it is fine..can you look at: https://issues.jboss.org/browse/JBIDE-22274 and tell me why I keep getting messages saying: "This email is the result of a query to locate stalled/invalid jiras. Please fix them. Thanks!"
Aug 02 12:40:56 <xcoulon>	jjohnstn: we have a daily job that queries the JIRA issues and find erroneous issues. You should have more info about what's wrong in the mail body, but at first sight, I would say that's because the issue is set to be fixed in 4.4.1.AM1 which is past and the issue is still opened. So you should probably set a new fix version.
Aug 02 12:42:35 <jjohnstn>	xcoulon: thx, I changed to 4.4.1.AM2 so hopefully that is ok
Aug 02 12:42:46 <xcoulon>	jjohnstn: yes, I guess it will be fine
Aug 02 14:21:30 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to palves_
Aug 02 14:31:48 <jjohnstn>	ericwill: can you take a quick look at https://bugs.eclipse.org/bugs/show_bug.cgi?id=495515 and let me know if you have seen the error
Aug 02 14:32:56 <ericwill>	jjohnstn sure
Aug 02 14:33:03 <jjohnstn>	thx
Aug 02 14:34:58 <ericwill>	jjohnstn never seen that before but it does indeed seem to be a duplicate of that bug from comment 2
Aug 02 14:35:14 <jjohnstn>	ericwill: ok, will close it as such
Aug 02 14:36:02 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to palves
Aug 02 15:01:59 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to patrickm_
Aug 02 15:34:28 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to akurtakov
Aug 02 17:05:25 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to palves
Aug 03 01:18:27 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to akurtakov
Aug 03 04:41:58 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to palves
Aug 03 05:59:12 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to akurtakov
Aug 03 06:47:16 <akurtakov>	mbooth: scela: what comes from mylyn incubation?
Aug 03 06:47:40 <scela>	akurtakov: i don't think the trick was done in incubation
Aug 03 06:47:46 <scela>	rather in the main repo
Aug 03 06:48:38 <akurtakov>	I was thinking as incubation usually creates some issues
Aug 03 06:48:49 <akurtakov>	we may decide dropping it from mylyn package
Aug 03 06:49:02 <mbooth>	akurtakov: Some Trac plugin and some "Web Tasks" plugin
Aug 03 06:49:07 <akurtakov>	and what comes from it could be separate one if at all needed 
Aug 03 06:49:36 <mbooth>	akurtakov: Basically scela was foiled by some "creative release engineering"
Aug 03 06:50:14 <scela>	akurtakov: git fun https://git.eclipse.org/c/mylyn/org.eclipse.mylyn.all.git/log/?h=R_3_20_0
Aug 03 06:50:32 <akurtakov>	:)
Aug 03 06:50:39 <mbooth>	s/creative/drunk/
Aug 03 06:51:13 <akurtakov>	that's when "creativity" gets sudden bump 
Aug 03 06:52:32 <mbooth>	akurtakov: https://xkcd.com/323/
Aug 03 06:52:48 <akurtakov>	haha, exactly
Aug 03 06:54:34 *	akurtakov was just dealing with hand crafted gtk 2.10 on rhel 6 issues
Aug 03 06:54:56 <akurtakov>	looks like 0.24 to me to get that creative
Aug 03 07:10:23 <akurtakov>	scela: mbooth: any issue if I skip today's team call ?
Aug 03 07:10:43 <akurtakov>	if you need me for smth let's cover it now
Aug 03 07:11:01 <mbooth>	No issues from me
Aug 03 07:11:34 <scela>	akurtakov: no
Aug 03 08:18:07 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to ldimaggi
Aug 03 08:29:50 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to patrickm
Aug 03 08:37:42 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to mbenitez
Aug 03 09:01:24 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to rgrunber
Aug 03 09:03:34 <rgrunber>	mbooth: if you have any questions regarding why i did what i did for script, feel free to pick at it :P
Aug 03 09:11:12 <mbooth>	rgrunber: Sure, thanks :-)
Aug 03 09:11:59 <mbooth>	rgrunber: Did you see Vaclav's feedback, btw? https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1362178
Aug 03 09:13:17 *	rgrunber looks
Aug 03 09:14:15 <rgrunber>	ah indirectly referenced.. hmm seems like that would be a 'plugin' bug.. ie.. needs an import package on it.. or at least to add to that .java file.
Aug 03 09:14:43 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to mattn
Aug 03 09:17:26 <mbooth>	rgrunber: Interesting, I wonder why it did work previously
Aug 03 09:17:50 <rgrunber>	.. could it be a change in swtbot ?
Aug 03 09:18:30 <rgrunber>	i mean indirectly referenced happens for things like doing foo().bar() where bar() returns a class you don't import or whatnot..
Aug 03 09:18:39 <rgrunber>	from what i remember..
Aug 03 09:20:25 <mbooth>	I mean, why did it work before applying that patch? Nothing else should have changed
Aug 03 09:20:49 <mbooth>	Those locally installed bundles messing it up?
Aug 03 09:21:42 <rgrunber>	hmmm
Aug 03 09:22:11 <mbooth>	vkadlcik: Hi, we are talking about https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1362178
Aug 03 09:22:32 <mbooth>	vkadlcik: I wonder if the problem goes away if you clear your ~/.eclipse again
Aug 03 09:23:30 <rgrunber>	the other thing is i may need to properly fix things.. ie..the fix vkadlcik has now isn't complete..
Aug 03 09:24:34 <rgrunber>	also is the org.eclipse.swt in the plugins folder identical to the one on the system... i would try to confirm.. if he used a very new swtbot it might have fetched a newer swt...
Aug 03 09:30:11 <mbenitez>	rgrunber, hi Roland, if you're joining the call now I'm in Yonge if you want to join
Aug 03 09:30:37 <rgrunber>	mbenitez: sure, i'll head over there.. just finishing up current docker call
Aug 03 09:31:26 <mbenitez>	sure, no worries
Aug 03 09:33:45 <vkadlcik>	mbooth: i'm very sorry but i'm in network problems now and my irc is practically unusable
Aug 03 09:33:49 <vkadlcik>	mbooth: the problem persists even with deleted ~/.eclipse
Aug 03 09:33:51 <vkadlcik>	mbooth: machine to test: vncviewer 10.16.186.62:1, all paswords including root's one are "redhat"
Aug 03 10:25:59 <rgrunber>	vkadlcik_gone: i can have a look.. assuming mbooth isn't on the machine testing.
Aug 03 10:26:16 <mbooth>	rgrunber: Not yet :-)
Aug 03 10:26:43 <rgrunber>	mbooth: i may need to do it after the call though :P.. but it's on my list :P
Aug 03 10:29:48 <maxandersen>	anyone know if mbenitez will be aorund today ? 
Aug 03 10:30:02 <mbenitez>	maxandersen, I'm here
Aug 03 10:30:08 <maxandersen>	gah
Aug 03 10:30:16 <maxandersen>	stupid irc client didnt' list you ;)
Aug 03 10:30:20 <mbenitez>	:)
Aug 03 10:30:40 <maxandersen>	do @mbenitez and @akazakov have 5 min to talk about eclipse summit india ? 
Aug 03 10:30:56 <maxandersen>	i see code refinement is about to start thuogh ;/
Aug 03 10:37:21 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to ebaron
Aug 03 10:55:10 <mbenitez>	maxandersen, I'm free in 1 hr
Aug 03 11:16:49 *	Disconnected (Connection timed out)
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Wed Aug  3 11:16:49 2016

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Wed Aug  3 11:39:37 2016

Aug 03 11:39:37 *	Now talking on #eclipse
Aug 03 11:39:37 *	Topic for #eclipse is: Eclipse discussions
Aug 03 11:39:37 *	Topic for #eclipse set by akurtakov!~akurtakov@vpn1-5-170.ams2.redhat.com (Tue May 17 08:53:56 2016)
Aug 03 11:42:28 <rgrunber>	mbooth: i was just gonna ask about that :P
Aug 03 11:42:42 <mbooth>	Ask what?
Aug 03 11:42:52 <rgrunber>	mbooth: accessing the rh-eclipse stuff.
Aug 03 11:42:57 <mbooth>	Aha
Aug 03 11:43:09 <mbooth>	Then that was just for you ;-)
Aug 03 11:43:19 <rgrunber>	also if you're away and i may need to push changes from fedora eclipse into that rh-eclipse..
Aug 03 11:44:44 <mbooth>	rgrunber: Same process as dts, just different branch name: http://pkgs.devel.redhat.com/cgit/rpms/eclipse/log/?h=rhscl-2.3-rh-eclipse46-rhel-7
Aug 03 11:45:02 <rgrunber>	ah, awesome
Aug 03 11:53:12 <mbenitez>	thanks for the email mbooth 
Aug 03 11:55:00 <mbooth>	mbenitez: No worries, I expected backlash due to sending HTML email ;-)
Aug 03 11:55:20 <mbenitez>	haha
Aug 03 11:55:53 <mbooth>	Oh cripes I sent it to the wrong list -- sorry
Aug 03 11:57:56 <mbenitez>	no worries, this is new
Aug 03 11:58:34 <rgrunber>	mbooth: one question about the bug in rh-eclipse. when vkadlcik_gone outlined the steps to reproduce, those are things that worked on dts-4.. and not thing that worked on rh-eclipse prior to my patch.. right ?
Aug 03 11:59:46 <rgrunber>	ah .. umm nvm.. yeah it would imply the patch failed..
Aug 03 12:00:06 <rgrunber>	since for 3 to fail all of 1-2 had to work..
Aug 03 12:04:22 <mbooth>	Yeah, everything except installation worked on rh-eclipse prior to the patch
Aug 03 12:05:57 <rgrunber>	mbooth: what i'm seeing is that no platform bundle is detected by the target platform which seems unrelated.. i'll debug it to see.
Aug 03 12:06:07 <rgrunber>	which would explain why it isn't being found.
Aug 03 12:13:16 <mbenitez>	ldimaggi, thank you for all the updates Len!
Aug 03 12:13:45 <ldimaggi>	mbenitez, just trying to tie up the many loose ends!   ;-)
Aug 03 12:14:05 <mbenitez>	ldimaggi, great! and really appreciated :)
Aug 03 13:09:30 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to jjohnstn
Aug 03 13:29:18 <rgrunber>	mbooth: problem in the bug seems to be solved by the patch i'll end up applying to fix the 'p2.runnable' problem.
Aug 03 13:29:50 <mbooth>	That's good, right?
Aug 03 13:30:12 <rgrunber>	yup.. so first patch caused issues likely because it wasn't completed.. and p2.runnable is needed.
Aug 03 13:30:55 <rgrunber>	in fact what occured is bundles.info never got generated in the user's $HOME/.eclipse.. so of course target platform generation failed... because it was looking for the bundles.info there.
Aug 03 13:31:08 <rgrunber>	it found the droplets just fine.. but not any of the platform files.
Aug 03 13:31:22 <mbooth>	Aha
Aug 03 14:54:49 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to mbenitez
Aug 03 14:56:02 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to fuhbot2
Aug 03 14:57:57 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to palves
Aug 03 15:40:26 <ericwill>	This screenshot from a 2002 bug report really screams early 00's: https://bugs.eclipse.org/bugs/attachment.cgi?id=1864
Aug 03 15:43:42 <rgrunber>	ericwill: i'll take the X framebuffer rendering over this..
Aug 03 15:46:00 <rgrunber>	the window manager makes it looks like a crappy mmorpg from late 90s.
Aug 03 15:47:51 <ericwill>	rgrunber ikr
Aug 03 15:50:54 <mbooth>	ericwill: You youngsters will never know the pain.... I bet it took this user days to get their x.conf just right....
Aug 03 15:52:07 <ericwill>	mbooth haha, I can imagine :)
Aug 03 15:52:50 <ericwill>	as a side note, I'm really impressed by the number of old bugs that have snippet reproducers attached
Aug 03 15:52:53 <ericwill>	really makes life easier
Aug 03 15:59:23 <mbooth>	rgrunber: Would you quickly try something for me?
Aug 03 15:59:30 <rgrunber>	mbooth: sure
Aug 03 16:00:02 <mbooth>	rgrunber: I just sent you a script and a spec file...
Aug 03 16:00:45 <rgrunber>	i'm guessing you want me to build it..
Aug 03 16:01:01 <mbooth>	(Based on your original script) Running this script should result in a binary RPM that installs some droplets generated from p2 repos
Aug 03 16:01:32 <mbooth>	Yes please, also please take a look to see if its sane
Aug 03 16:02:08 <mbooth>	Actually a yum repo, not just a binary rpm
Aug 03 16:02:11 <rgrunber>	ahh.. one thing i probably also missed from the repo2runnable script, the option '-flagAsRunnable'
Aug 03 16:04:18 <rgrunber>	so basically you assume some source folder exists called %{?scl_prefix}devstudio.tar.gz or whatnot.. you extract its contents.. then you call feature/bundle publisher to create the p2 repo from it.. i mean the paths would need to match up.. between the location of those bundles and 'file:$(pwd)/p2-repo'..
Aug 03 16:05:18 <mbooth>	The build.sh generates the tarball and the srpm, so paths should always br correct
Aug 03 16:05:25 <rgrunber>	ah.. d'oh
Aug 03 16:06:27 <rgrunber>	ah.. build.sh is the thing being executed
Aug 03 16:06:42 <mbooth>	Yes, that wasn't clear, sorry
Aug 03 16:08:24 <mbooth>	Assumptions made: Machine you are running this on can run mock (Fedora, probably) and you are inside the firewall (so you can build RHEL7 chroot)
Aug 03 16:08:57 <mbooth>	My thinking is that using mock should give pretty reproducible results outside of brew
Aug 03 16:11:41 <rgrunber>	k seems to be working.. downloaded stuff.. wrote the srpm..
Aug 03 16:12:10 <rgrunber>	doing the mock build now...
Aug 03 16:15:06 <rgrunber>	mbooth: there's one improvement that could be made from that 'p2_feature_curl' thing i wrote.. and that's to actually call the director to install the units. it would require the user list all repositories (like http://download.eclipse.org/releases/neon) but we could do some logic afterwards like.. is this bundle from the p2 repo we care about or one of the others.. and decide whether to add it to the 
Aug 03 16:15:12 <rgrunber>	droplet on that criteria.
Aug 03 16:15:39 <rgrunber>	^ that would give us things like docker-client, jersey, ... in the case of linuxtools.docker.. instead of forcing there to be some feature that lists everything.
Aug 03 16:19:24 <rgrunber>	mbooth: yeah i guess for reproducibility you'd need to run it inside mock.. is it worth supplying an option in the future for the user to point to their own eclipse install.. i mean it'd be much faster should they choose that..
Aug 03 16:20:11 <mbooth>	Well, second run is faster since the mock root is cached
Aug 03 16:21:47 <mbooth>	And it's kind of just going be hooked into their existing deploy process -- I don't see people wanting to invoke this manually that much
Aug 03 16:23:21 <mbooth>	I see what you mean about improving 'p2_feature_curl' though
Aug 03 16:25:50 <rgrunber>	yeah we need p2's dep resolution greatness.. but then we want to remove all jars that came from somewhere else... or ... i think if we somehow use the system eclipse's profile.. it should.. not bring in the whole platform..
Aug 03 16:25:56 <rgrunber>	something to test though...
Aug 03 16:29:38 <rgrunber>	yay building the rpm..
Aug 03 16:31:30 <rgrunber>	mbooth: works for me.. built the yum repo contents seem right.
Aug 03 16:32:53 <mbooth>	Good :-)
Aug 03 16:34:07 <mbooth>	Building a second time should be super quick (the whole of maven is in the build root, a bit unnecessarily for this)
Aug 03 16:34:16 <rgrunber>	ah you even got rid of the feature.jars
Aug 03 16:34:43 <rgrunber>	ah nvm.. expanded on it to do features..
Aug 03 16:37:20 <rgrunber>	yeah this is awesome, nicely done.
Aug 04 01:20:40 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to akurtakov
Aug 04 04:43:55 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to palves
Aug 04 06:53:57 <vkadlcik>	mbooth: hi Mat, the rhscl eclipse erratum has not rh-eclipse46-eclipse-egit-mylyn and several rh-eclipse46-eclipse-emf-*
Aug 04 06:54:14 <vkadlcik>	mbooth: they were there some time ago but not now
Aug 04 06:54:21 <vkadlcik>	mbooth: is that intentional?
Aug 04 07:08:06 <scela>	vkadlcik: according to our team calendar, mbooth is on holiday, just so you know
Aug 04 07:08:23 <vkadlcik>	oh
Aug 04 07:08:30 <vkadlcik>	scela: thanks!
Aug 04 07:08:38 <scela>	vkadlcik: np
Aug 04 07:25:27 <mbooth>	vkadlcik: No, that is not intentional :-( I guess file lists need refreshing in errata or something otherwise the SCL might not be installable from the compose :-(
Aug 04 07:25:32 <mbooth>	Sorry about that
Aug 04 07:25:59 <mbooth>	Okay, I'm really on vacation now -- back on Monday
Aug 04 07:27:16 <vkadlcik>	mbooth: ok, thanks
Aug 04 08:26:00 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to patrickm
Aug 04 08:29:47 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to mbenitez
Aug 04 08:58:21 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to mattn
Aug 04 09:03:20 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to ldimaggi
Aug 04 09:39:20 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to rgrunber
Aug 04 10:27:35 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to mbenitez
Aug 04 10:53:33 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to patrickm
Aug 04 12:12:07 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to jjohnstn
**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Thu Aug  4 13:52:11 2016

Aug 04 13:52:11 *	Now talking on #eclipse
Aug 04 13:52:11 *	Topic for #eclipse is: Eclipse discussions
Aug 04 13:52:11 *	Topic for #eclipse set by akurtakov!~akurtakov@vpn1-5-170.ams2.redhat.com (Tue May 17 08:53:56 2016)
**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Thu Aug  4 14:02:41 2016

Aug 04 14:02:41 *	Now talking on #eclipse
Aug 04 14:02:41 *	Topic for #eclipse is: Eclipse discussions
Aug 04 14:02:41 *	Topic for #eclipse set by akurtakov!~akurtakov@vpn1-5-170.ams2.redhat.com (Tue May 17 08:53:56 2016)
Aug 04 17:19:55 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to palves
Aug 04 17:23:53 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to mattn
Aug 05 04:58:36 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to palves
Aug 05 06:55:15 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to patrickm
Aug 05 08:10:44 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to mattn
Aug 05 09:04:28 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to mbenitez
Aug 05 09:46:46 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to rgrunber
Aug 05 10:24:18 <rgrunber>	vkadlcik: ping.. ?
Aug 05 10:24:32 <vkadlcik>	rgrunber: pong
Aug 05 10:24:50 <rgrunber>	vkadlcik: is there access to the machine on which the slowness is happening ?
Aug 05 10:28:21 <vkadlcik>	rgrunber: i'll prepare it, give me 15 min
Aug 05 10:28:50 <rgrunber>	vkadlcik: i'm trying it out on 10.16.186.62 but wasn't able to reproduce huge delay yet..
Aug 05 10:34:21 <rgrunber>	ok nvm.. i've reproduced something that takes long. might be a similar cause.
Aug 05 10:41:39 <vkadlcik>	rgrunber: so just in case: vncviewer ibm-ls22-04.rhts.eng.brq.redhat.com:1, password is redhat
Aug 05 10:41:58 <vkadlcik>	rgrunber: it's starting -application org.eclipse.swtbot.eclipse.junit.headless.swtbottestapplication
Aug 05 10:42:34 <vkadlcik>	rgrunber: now in about 3 min from my command
Aug 05 10:42:47 <rgrunber>	yup i see..
Aug 05 10:43:05 <vkadlcik>	rgrunber: i won't be using the machine today
Aug 05 10:43:27 <vkadlcik>	rgrunber: all the passwords should be redhat
Aug 05 10:47:01 <rgrunber>	vkadlcik: can you try instead of calling 'eclipse' for the time being, to replace it with 'java -jar /opt/rh/rh-eclipse46/root/usr/lib*/eclipse/plugins/org.eclipse.equinox.launch_*.jar .. that seemed to make a huge difference when i was trying it out..
Aug 05 10:47:35 <rgrunber>	also it seems only the first run is insanely slow, definitely droplets related though.
Aug 05 10:50:04 <vkadlcik>	rgrunber: i used to do it that way but one it needs more parameters and they seem to differ between versions so i ended up with simple 'eclipse'
Aug 05 10:50:26 <vkadlcik>	s/ one//
Aug 05 10:52:20 <rgrunber>	vkadlcik: yeah can be a bit trick to always try to find the equinox launcher.. just a workaround until i figure a solution for the issue.
Aug 05 10:56:56 <vkadlcik>	rgrunber: finding the launcher isn't tricky, the problem was to add all the additional switches in a way that would work across all supported eclipse versions
Aug 05 10:57:17 <vkadlcik>	rgrunber: but i can do it, in the worst case :-)
Aug 05 10:57:22 <rgrunber>	ah wait for tests there's additional paramaters other than just what you specified.. ?
Aug 05 11:01:34 <vkadlcik>	rgrunber: hmm, nope, please stick with what's in bugzilla; what i do normally is out of scope
Aug 05 11:01:45 <vkadlcik>	rgrunber: sorry for the confusion
Aug 05 11:18:32 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to jjohnstn
Aug 05 14:57:26 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to palves
Aug 05 18:12:40 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to palves
Aug 06 05:16:17 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to palves
Aug 07 11:56:22 *	scox is away: pto
Aug 08 05:43:11 <vkadlcik>	mbooth: hi Mat, will you please check/reload the builds in the rh-eclipse46 erratum?
Aug 08 05:43:22 <vkadlcik>	mbooth: what brewroot has but not in the erratum: -build, -eclipse-egit-mylyn, -eclipse-emf-examples, -eclipse-emf-sdk, -eclipse-emf-tests
Aug 08 05:43:37 <mbooth>	vkadlcik: Hi, sure -- let me take a look now
Aug 08 05:44:44 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to palves
Aug 08 05:59:37 <mbooth>	vkadlcik: Okay done, hopefully that should be better
Aug 08 06:09:16 <vkadlcik>	mbooth: thanks, just checked - still rh-eclipse46-build is missing
Aug 08 06:09:29 <mbooth>	D'oh
Aug 08 06:19:29 <mbooth>	vkadlcik: I don't know how to fix this one -- even removing and re-adding the build did not work :-(
Aug 08 06:19:35 <mbooth>	Let me ask rzima
Aug 08 06:20:54 <vkadlcik>	mbooth: ack
Aug 08 08:23:29 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to patrickm
Aug 08 09:12:27 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to mbenitez
Aug 08 09:28:15 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to rgrunber
Aug 08 09:31:22 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to mattn
Aug 08 09:49:26 <mbooth>	Morning, mbenitez 
Aug 08 09:49:44 <mbenitez>	mbooth, hello Mat, how was your long weekend?
Aug 08 09:50:01 <mbooth>	mbenitez: Nice and sunny, thanks :-)
Aug 08 09:50:12 <mbenitez>	excellent :)
Aug 08 09:51:02 <mbooth>	mbenitez: You should know that there was a slight problem reported with the alpha hand-off that needs PM clarification: https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1365100
Aug 08 09:51:24 *	mbenitez looks
Aug 08 09:53:28 <mbenitez>	mbooth, interesting, I didn't know rhscl doesn't provide this build feature
Aug 08 09:54:27 <mbooth>	mbenitez: Me neither, this caught us by surprise
Aug 08 09:54:48 <mbenitez>	mbooth, I just asked briang in #devtoolset, thanks fro bringing this up
Aug 08 10:36:47 <xcoulon>	rgrunber: woohoo ! it took me a bit of time, but I've just managed to parse the Docker Compose output, read the ANSI escape codes and print in the MessageConsole with proper text coloring: https://www.dropbox.com/s/4v1y94fpgzayxx0/Screenshot%202016-08-08%2016.29.25.png?dl=0
Aug 08 10:37:19 <xcoulon>	there's still work to do, though
Aug 08 10:40:21 <rgrunber>	looks good to me. we can probably use that same work to support container logs that have escape codes.. without moving them to tm terminal.
Aug 08 10:45:09 <xcoulon>	rgrunber: yes, that was my thought too. I suggest we discuss about it in an upcoming change, ok ?
Aug 08 10:46:39 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to mbenitez
Aug 08 10:46:55 <rgrunber>	xcoulon: sure. btw is this something you've written from scratch ? or based on existing stuff from projects that have done the same.
Aug 08 10:47:18 <xcoulon>	rgrunber: nope, I wrote it from scratch
Aug 08 10:47:47 <rgrunber>	i might look at other projects that have done it to ensure we support all possible codes.
Aug 08 10:49:24 <rgrunber>	i mean specifically for things like colours, or really uncommon codes.
Aug 08 11:55:01 <rgrunber>	mbooth: thanks for offering hope in that automated testing bug. i'm interested to discover what's causing reconciler to take 10min to decide to do (i hope) nothing but if disabling it is an option we can probably discuss.
**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Mon Aug  8 11:57:54 2016

Aug 08 11:57:54 *	Now talking on #eclipse
Aug 08 11:57:54 *	Topic for #eclipse is: Eclipse discussions
Aug 08 11:57:54 *	Topic for #eclipse set by akurtakov!~akurtakov@vpn1-5-170.ams2.redhat.com (Tue May 17 08:53:56 2016)
Aug 08 11:57:58 <mbooth>	rgrunber: The plan ought to be to stop supporting dropins in Fedora in some future release...
**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Mon Aug  8 12:01:22 2016

Aug 08 12:01:22 *	Now talking on #eclipse
Aug 08 12:01:22 *	Topic for #eclipse is: Eclipse discussions
Aug 08 12:01:22 *	Topic for #eclipse set by akurtakov!~akurtakov@vpn1-5-170.ams2.redhat.com (Tue May 17 08:53:56 2016)
Aug 08 12:01:31 <mbooth>	rgrunber: Good question :-)
Aug 08 12:09:09 <mbenitez>	you can consider this release a major so no commitments to backwards functionality if that helps
Aug 08 12:12:53 <rgrunber>	yeah, i guess we can just disable it in the worst case. Figuring out the real issue becomes a bit of a bonus, assuming ptp migration to droplets goes smoothly.
Aug 08 17:38:58 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to palves
Aug 09 10:13:22 *	Disconnected (Connection reset by peer)
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Tue Aug  9 10:13:22 2016

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Tue Aug  9 10:13:34 2016

Aug 09 10:13:34 *	Now talking on #eclipse
Aug 09 10:13:34 *	Topic for #eclipse is: Eclipse discussions
Aug 09 10:13:34 *	Topic for #eclipse set by akurtakov!~akurtakov@vpn1-5-170.ams2.redhat.com (Tue May 17 08:53:56 2016)
Aug 09 10:32:27 <mbenitez>	akazakov, hi, are you joining the call?
Aug 09 10:32:50 <mbenitez>	nvm :)
Aug 09 10:38:41 <vkadlcik>	mbenitez: and others on the meeting: i'm sorry but my connection is full of dropouts
Aug 09 10:39:06 <vkadlcik>	was there a question on me?
Aug 09 10:48:45 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to patrickm
Aug 09 10:56:52 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to patrickm_
Aug 09 11:05:16 <mbooth>	vkadlcik: I don't think you will have missed anything vital, there was mostly just talk about BZ/Jira integration :-)
Aug 09 11:05:33 <rgrunber>	mbooth: so about the p2_feature_curl part, i'm guessing that currently doesn't pick up transitive dependencies.. ie only stuff that's a direct dep of the feature ?
Aug 09 11:05:54 <vkadlcik>	mbooth: thanks
Aug 09 11:07:49 <mbooth>	rgrunber: Yes -- but I did add an option to download a "whole" update site (i.e. if you don't specify a feature it lists all IUs with a jar payload and downloads everything)
Aug 09 11:08:18 <rgrunber>	mbooth: yup, i think i saw it in the updated version.
Aug 09 11:08:31 <nboldt>	mbenitez: mbooth: https://issues.jboss.org/browse/JBIDE-22966
Aug 09 11:08:53 <nboldt>	If I missed anything important or screwed anything up, please edit the JIRA or throw comments on it
Aug 09 11:10:12 <rgrunber>	i mentioned it before a bit but was thinking of changing that to call the p2 director to install the feature.group iu (with empty profile specified). this way script only needs to specify the main p2 repo, and the locatin of other repos for which platform/additional content exists. from there we just remove the additional content and are left with just the jars needed from the main repo.
Aug 09 11:10:43 <rgrunber>	added benefit would be that it should support composites since director takes care of it.
Aug 09 11:11:09 <mbenitez>	nboldt, thank you! I had it in my TODO to file the issue as you requested :)
Aug 09 11:11:33 <nboldt>	rgrunber: I'm going to be doing something very similar for the rh-eclipse46-devstudio rpm creation
Aug 09 11:11:41 <nboldt>	rgrunber: we should combine forces :D
Aug 09 11:12:13 <nboldt>	mbenitez: 
Aug 09 11:12:50 <nboldt>	mbenitez: one question ... not sure I'll be able to get this written this week as well as getting the RPM stuff prototyped. I'm going to assume bzira scrape is less important than rpm creation
Aug 09 11:13:12 <mbenitez>	vkadlcik_gone, thank you for joining!
Aug 09 11:14:46 <rgrunber>	nboldt: yeah, so the problem i want to address is that generally features don't include *everything* they need, so for linuxtools.docker you probably won't get jersey*,jnr*,jackson* even though they should be in the droplet.
Aug 09 11:15:37 <nboldt>	ah, then the feature owner should revamp the feature (or better, its plugins) to proeprly declare dependencies and versions
Aug 09 11:15:49 <nboldt>	don't fix this in your tool. make the projects upstream behave correctly :D
Aug 09 11:15:59 <nboldt>	rgrunber: ^
Aug 09 11:16:42 <rgrunber>	nboldt: well, not really, because that's how features work. a feature just says "these are things i'm providing that i own".. it would kinda be abusing osgi if you decided to include everything needed.
Aug 09 11:17:17 <mbooth>	Eclipse features are an abuse of OSGi anyway :-p
Aug 09 11:17:38 <rgrunber>	i mean if you ran the director it works fine.. problem is when you query a feature for its dependencies, you'll only get the immediate plugins.. not all deps recursively.
Aug 09 11:17:43 <nboldt>	rgrunber: MANIFEEST.MF in plugins are SUPPOSED to define their deps
Aug 09 11:18:16 <nboldt>	feature is a more loose definition of requirements but you can certainly set includes AND deps in feature.xml
Aug 09 11:18:39 <nboldt>	best practices says to do the dep declaration in the plugins, but if there's a good reason to move that into the feature, it can be done there too
Aug 09 11:18:43 <nboldt>	(or instead)
Aug 09 11:19:11 <mbooth>	I think you are agreeing with one another...
Aug 09 11:19:13 <nboldt>	tldr, the problem is in the upstream plugins' MANIFEST.MF files. Fix those and your tools will work correctly
Aug 09 11:19:37 <rgrunber>	yeah.. so that's what i'm getting at.. if we just call the director, we'll get what we need.
Aug 09 11:21:00 <rgrunber>	what we're doing now is getting just the feature.group requirements.. and stopping there.. or downloading the entire repo, which i guess would assume the repo is a 1-1 mapping with the droplet content.. which again might not be true upstream.
Aug 09 11:23:17 <nboldt>	exactly. director (or p2.mirror) is better than whatever else you're using as it doesn't read p2 metadata
Aug 09 11:23:25 <nboldt>	it = whatever else
Aug 09 11:23:56 <nboldt>	director will install things (unpack jars); p2.mirror will simply copy them as is
Aug 09 11:23:59 <rgrunber>	nboldt: well the feature getting thing works in some special cases (feature defines everything needed, entire p2 repo is the droplet)
Aug 09 11:27:06 <rgrunber>	nboldt: i mean i don't mind working on this if i can get some time.. i had something written up, but unless you're already working on it..
Aug 09 11:29:14 <nboldt>	I need to (re)create a script that can, for a list of features, produce an update site
Aug 09 11:29:33 <nboldt>	I think that might be a different usecase than you if you're using director to unpack the features
Aug 09 11:31:04 <rgrunber>	nboldt: so given an update site and list of features, it produces a more compact update site ?..
Aug 09 11:31:15 <rgrunber>	excluding non-essential stuff.
Aug 09 11:31:32 <nboldt>	yes
Aug 09 11:31:43 <nboldt>	that's what I need for the rh-eclipse46-devstudio RPM
Aug 09 11:31:50 <nboldt>	based on mbooth's build.sh script
Aug 09 11:31:59 <rgrunber>	nboldt: it's quite similar. we want to do the same, except our final output is a droplet, not another update site.
Aug 09 11:32:08 <rgrunber>	oh.. :P hah
Aug 09 11:32:23 <nboldt>	is a droplet "given an update site, install everything in it" ?
Aug 09 11:33:16 <rgrunber>	nboldt: droplet is just an update site that has had the repo2runnable task run on it with -createFragments.
Aug 09 11:34:06 <nboldt>	ah... so yes. same use case then
Aug 09 11:34:19 <nboldt>	I believe the rh-eclipse46-devstudio RPM is thus "a droplet" too :D
Aug 09 11:34:24 *	nboldt is learning the terms here
Aug 09 11:35:52 <rgrunber>	nboldt: basically i'm saying, if we modify the p2_feature_curl method in build.sh to call the director to install.. and do a bit of pruning of unnecessary things, then you no longer need to do what you were going to do.. or at least do less..
Aug 09 11:36:44 <nboldt>	rgrunber: oh... that's cool
Aug 09 11:37:04 <nboldt>	that would possibly save time / effort and be reusable for your stuff too
Aug 09 11:37:29 <nboldt>	I'll be in the office this afternoon so we can talk more in person (if you're in today)
Aug 09 11:37:44 <rgrunber>	nboldt: the only thing that i'd need to know, is would there be some kind of update site that contains things like "org.eclipse.ui, org.eclipse.platform, ... base platform stuff"
Aug 09 11:38:01 <nboldt>	yes! we have that 
Aug 09 11:38:03 <rgrunber>	ie. that is used in devtools product ..
Aug 09 11:38:11 <rgrunber>	worst case i use releases/neon or whatnot
Aug 09 11:38:43 <nboldt>	point director at https://devstudio.jboss.com/10.0/stable/updates/ and if it can scrape children of the composite all the deps you need should be there
Aug 09 11:39:00 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to jjohnstn
Aug 09 11:39:03 <nboldt>	since that site contains devstudio + devstudio target platform
Aug 09 11:39:32 <nboldt>	rgrunber: we also have the same site as 4 zips, if you want to play offline and save b/w download time for iterative experiments
Aug 09 11:40:01 <nboldt>	zips are linked on https://devstudio.jboss.com/10.0/stable/updates/ in the right hand column under "Offline Install"
Aug 09 11:40:04 <nboldt>	rgrunber: ^
Aug 09 11:43:23 <rgrunber>	yeah i'll have to play around with things.. a lot of this work will vary depending on what assumptions/input data is being given.
Aug 09 11:44:07 <nboldt>	yep
Aug 09 11:46:02 <rgrunber>	nboldt: oh final thing :P , is there any plan to map issue states (NEW,ASSIGNED,..,VERIFIED,CLOSED) into jira ?
Aug 09 11:46:51 <rgrunber>	can be slight pain to remember to change a bug twice (once in bz, once in jira)
Aug 09 11:46:52 <nboldt>	currently no, the tool only creates the JIRA
Aug 09 11:47:11 <nboldt>	but in future yes, we could have VERIFIED => resolved, CLOSED -> closed
Aug 09 11:47:24 <nboldt>	add that to the JIRA I opened (or make a subtask?)
Aug 09 11:47:38 <nboldt>	rgrunber: https://issues.jboss.org/browse/JBIDE-22966 
Aug 09 11:48:01 <rgrunber>	yeah, sounds good, i'll do that
Aug 09 12:56:13 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to ebaron
Aug 09 14:01:57 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to palves_
Aug 09 16:28:01 <nboldt>	rgrunber: any progress on scripting a replacement to go in build.sh ?
Aug 09 16:29:43 <rgrunber>	nboldt: i've got something already on my home laptop (which isn't here with me) but i'm sure it'll work.
Aug 09 16:30:16 <rgrunber>	was working on it around the time i handed off the script to Mat but got sidetracked.
Aug 09 16:34:17 <nboldt>	rgrunber: ok, no worries. I'll work on something else and bug you again in a day or two :D
Aug 09 16:34:26 <nboldt>	no point reinventing your wheel 
Aug 09 16:34:45 <nboldt>	(but happy to review your code & test it out for my rpm)
Aug 09 16:35:24 <rgrunber>	nboldt: yeah np.. i should finish it quickly.. i thought i hit a rather annoying block with respect to associative arrays in bash.. but apparently they need to be explicitly enabled.
Aug 09 16:36:49 <nboldt>	haven't used assoc arrays in bash in a while but I don't recall that... just that you had to type-declare the object before loading it.
Aug 09 16:37:10 <rgrunber>	yeah.. that's what i meant.
Aug 09 16:38:18 <nboldt>	cool
Aug 09 16:38:50 <rgrunber>	as opposed to just foo["a.b.c"]=1
Aug 09 16:39:21 <rawblem>	rgrunber,  hey, where was that api for updating the details of a docker connection again?
Aug 09 16:39:25 <rawblem>	i seem to have misplaced it
Aug 09 16:39:48 *	nboldt sees rawblem and points at the Google in the corner, just waiting to be used
Aug 09 16:40:11 <rawblem>	nboldt,  if you seriously think i can find an api via google search and simply guessing class or method names, you're insane
Aug 09 16:40:23 <rgrunber>	rawblem: DockerConnectionManager.updateConnection or something..
Aug 09 16:40:28 <rawblem>	thnx
Aug 09 16:41:13 <rawblem>	nboldt,  NOW i can use google.  fsckuverymuch
Aug 09 16:47:45 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to patrickm
Aug 10 04:49:49 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to palves_
Aug 10 05:00:21 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to scox
Aug 10 05:34:57 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to mattn
Aug 10 08:01:45 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to patrickm
Aug 10 08:30:05 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to mbenitez
Aug 10 09:03:54 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to ebaron
Aug 10 09:43:25 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to rgrunber
Aug 10 10:21:08 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to mbenitez
Aug 10 10:31:49 <rgrunber>	nboldt1: mbooth https://rgrunber.fedorapeople.org/resolveFeature that worked for me. format is : p2extract ${dropletP2Repo} ${neededRepo1},${neededRepo2} ${groupFeatureID} .
Aug 10 10:32:39 <rgrunber>	any plans to push that build.sh + devstudio.spec into some git repo.. ?
Aug 10 10:38:12 <mbooth>	rgrunber: I figured we'd let nboldt1 add it to some git repo since it will form a part of devstudio process, not SCL process
Aug 10 10:38:22 <rgrunber>	ah ok
Aug 10 10:45:16 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to jjohnstn
Aug 10 10:49:45 <jjohnstn>	rgrunber: I have a fix that touches IDockerConnectionSettings to add a getProperties() method.  I have added stuff in the tests for it.  Do you want to review it or should I just check it in since you are busy elsewhere?
Aug 10 10:50:24 <nboldt1>	rgrunber: yes, I was going to put it in https://github.com/jbdevstudio/jbdevstudio-product
Aug 10 10:50:36 <nboldt1>	mbooth: ^
Aug 10 10:51:16 <rgrunber>	jjohnstn: feel free to push. only slight concern is that it not be mandatory.. ie.. the code can handle it being null, or empty..
Aug 10 10:51:43 <rgrunber>	because i create IDockerConnectionSettings in some places associated with the extension point providers
Aug 10 10:52:58 <jjohnstn>	rgrunber: if you create TCPConnectionSettings or UnixSocketConnectionSettings under the covers, that is already handled...empty properties are ok
Aug 10 10:53:07 <rgrunber>	k sounds good then.
Aug 10 10:53:11 <jjohnstn>	thx
Aug 10 10:55:11 <nboldt1>	rgrunber: so "p2extract ${dropletP2Repo} ${neededRepo1},${neededRepo2} ${groupFeatureID} ." replaces p2_feature_curl in build.sh?
**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Wed Aug 10 11:49:54 2016

Aug 10 11:49:54 *	Now talking on #eclipse
Aug 10 11:49:54 *	Topic for #eclipse is: Eclipse discussions
Aug 10 11:49:54 *	Topic for #eclipse set by akurtakov!~akurtakov@vpn1-5-170.ams2.redhat.com (Tue May 17 08:53:56 2016)
Aug 10 12:13:24 <nboldt1>	rgrunber_mtg: cool, thanks. I've reworked your script a bit to perform the install for 212 features in one step instead of having to loop through 212 installs :D
Aug 10 12:14:02 <nboldt1>	and switched to using metadataRepository and artifactRepository because need that when using p2.director -list
Aug 10 12:23:24 <nboldt1>	rgrunber_mtg: the droplet-bundles folder is missing all the unpacked plugins. is that intentional?
Aug 10 12:24:19 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to ebaron
Aug 10 12:24:29 <nboldt1>	when I mirror all the features in devstudio, I get 643M of stuff, but then the part of p2extract that copies them to droplet_bundles folder only copies 373M of stuff
Aug 10 12:24:33 <nboldt1>	rgrunber_mtg: ^
Aug 10 12:38:16 <nboldt1>	rgrunber_mtg: also playing with -profileProperties org.eclipse.update.install.features=true so that features are included in the installation :D
Aug 10 12:59:28 <rgrunber>	nboldt1: unintentional.. needs improvement.. only worked for jars for now.
Aug 10 12:59:38 <nboldt1>	ok cool
Aug 10 12:59:55 <nboldt1>	working on bootstrapping this using update site jars for better performance of CI iterations
Aug 10 14:08:31 <nboldt1>	jjohnstn: any new docker tooling to include in devstudio for tomorrow's code freeze?
Aug 10 14:08:34 <nboldt1>	https://issues.jboss.org/browse/JBIDE-22885 
Aug 10 14:09:17 <nboldt1>	I see org.eclipse.linuxtools.docker.feature_2.1.0.201608052203.jar as latest in http://download.eclipse.org/linuxtools/updates-docker-nightly/features/?d ... should we include that or wait until close to Aug 30 to update?
Aug 10 14:09:22 <nboldt1>	jjohnstn: ^
Aug 10 14:10:38 <rgrunber>	nboldt1: there are a bunch of bug fixes.. and some new features.. i wouldn't mind getting a nightly out.. assuming we can still ship whatever we have on august 30th also..
Aug 10 14:11:03 <nboldt1>	yeah, if you bump to a nightly now, you're comitting to releasing something stable by Aug 30
Aug 10 14:13:35 <jjohnstn>	nboldt1 I am building master right now to fix a problem with Oxygen M1...this will contain some additional fixes I have resolved as part of the latest sprint
Aug 10 14:15:34 <nboldt1>	jjohnstn: so... ETA for new nightly I can include for eclipse 4.6.0-based builds of devstudio 10.1 / jbosstools 4.4.1?
Aug 10 14:15:40 <nboldt1>	today? tomorrow?
Aug 10 14:15:50 <jjohnstn>	nboldt1: today
Aug 10 14:15:59 <nboldt1>	jjohnstn: before or after 5pm?
Aug 10 14:16:34 <jjohnstn>	nboldt: should be before 5 pm as I have already started the build
Aug 10 14:16:54 <jjohnstn>	nboldt1: ^
Aug 10 14:18:34 <nboldt1>	jjohnstn: sweet, thanks
Aug 10 14:47:25 <jjohnstn>	nboldt1 I have finished the build which I copied to update-oxygen-docker-m1...you can use nightly if you wish
**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Wed Aug 10 14:53:24 2016

Aug 10 14:53:24 *	Now talking on #eclipse
Aug 10 14:53:24 *	Topic for #eclipse is: Eclipse discussions
Aug 10 14:53:24 *	Topic for #eclipse set by akurtakov!~akurtakov@vpn1-5-170.ams2.redhat.com (Tue May 17 08:53:56 2016)
Aug 10 14:53:57 <nboldt1>	jjohnstn: please put the URL for it in the JIRA, unless it's the one that's already here
Aug 10 14:53:59 <nboldt1>	*there
Aug 10 14:54:19 <nboldt1>	jjohnstn: that is, are the bits on http://download.eclipse.org/linuxtools/updates-docker-nightly/ ?
Aug 10 14:54:40 <jjohnstn>	nboldt1 yes
Aug 10 15:04:35 <nboldt1>	jjohnstn: ok thx
Aug 11 04:09:33 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to palves_
Aug 11 07:56:51 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to patrickm
Aug 11 08:36:44 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to mbenitez
Aug 11 09:07:26 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to ebaron
Aug 11 09:27:57 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to rgrunber
Aug 11 10:09:10 <mbooth>	nboldt: Thanks for Jira formatting hints :-) BTW, is there no "quote" or "reply" button? I can't find one
Aug 11 10:17:21 <nboldt>	there's just "comment"
Aug 11 10:17:24 <nboldt>	mbooth: ^
Aug 11 10:18:07 <nboldt>	mbooth: sorta like bugzilla in that respect. but NOT like bugzilla, you can do all kinds of formatting and even emojis
Aug 11 10:18:41 <nboldt>	you will learn to love {quote} and {code} and !image.png! and [^somefile.txt] 
Aug 11 10:18:56 <mbooth>	nboldt: I guess I just miss replying to comments in-line like I would with email/bugzilla 
Aug 11 10:19:13 <mbooth>	Copy/pasting someone's reply loses formatting :-(
Aug 11 10:19:17 <nboldt>	yeah, you can do that with RCM tickets, which are backed by jira/confluence
Aug 11 10:19:38 <nboldt>	mbooth: you can EDIT someone's comment to get it as code, then paste that
Aug 11 10:20:16 <mbooth>	I can edit other folks' comments? That sounds... dangerous :-o
Aug 11 10:21:32 <nboldt>	well, I can. maybe that's only an admin ability
Aug 11 10:21:55 <nboldt>	which reminds me I need to find someone with JIRA God Mode Powers to add a new project, RHECLIPSE
Aug 11 10:31:14 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to patrickm
Aug 11 10:52:53 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to mbenitez
Aug 11 12:10:26 <nboldt>	dumb question... http://developers.redhat.com/products/openjdk/overview/ says "ON WINDOWS 8:" but surely the OpenJDK .msi installer works on Win 7/8/8.1/10 ?
Aug 11 12:11:13 <nboldt>	followup dumb question, where do I report a bug in that doc? JIRA -> DEVELOPER issue? 
Aug 11 12:11:25 <nboldt>	mbenitez: patrickm: ^
Aug 11 12:12:27 <mbenitez>	nboldt, the first question would be for dbhole / omajid they are in #toronto [in a team mtg in Westford now]
Aug 11 12:12:45 <mbenitez>	the second I don't know but let me find, it's something we'll just need more and more
Aug 11 12:14:52 <nboldt>	mbenitez: https://issues.jboss.org/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=3362&projectKey=DEVELOPER is where I generally open issues for developers.redhat.com updates (eg., to release new devstudio)
Aug 11 12:15:09 <nboldt>	but thought maybe you guys would have a different process for openjdk (eg.., bugzilla?)
Aug 11 12:15:46 <mbenitez>	nboldt, I think that should be it then, tbh we haven't filed anything yet
Aug 11 12:21:52 <nboldt>	mbenitez: I've opened https://issues.jboss.org/browse/DEVELOPER-3393 to track the problem
Aug 11 12:22:33 <mbenitez>	nboldt, thanks Nick! for that and teaching me where to report this stuff :)
Aug 11 12:24:15 <nboldt>	mbenitez: no problem. next, I need to introduce you to Paul Robinson, who can usually escalate things in DEVELOPER when they get stuck
Aug 11 12:24:40 <nboldt>	(He's @Paul in hipchat.)
Aug 11 12:25:34 <mbenitez>	nboldt, that would be nice, I need to open a request to post an Eclipse Infocentre, finally I'll have connections on this website
Aug 11 12:26:59 <nboldt>	oh god, really? You want an infocentre on developers.redhat.com? 
Aug 11 12:27:14 <nboldt>	(I assume you mean something like http://help.eclipse.org/neon/index.jsp ?
Aug 11 12:28:06 <nboldt>	mbenitez: or do you mean simply linking to docs on eclipse.org like the SystemTap UG? http://help.eclipse.org/neon/index.jsp?topic=%2Forg.eclipse.linuxtools.systemtap.ui.doc%2FLinux_Tools_Project%2FSystemtap%2FUser_Guide%2FUser-Guide.html
Aug 11 12:28:53 <mbenitez>	nboldt, yes, like that: http://infocenter-mbooth.rhcloud.com/index.jsp
Aug 11 12:29:26 <mbenitez>	nboldt, mbooth put this together long time ago and we just couldn't get follow up on where to host it, the developer portal should be the right place
Aug 11 12:30:03 <mbenitez>	at the time we were talking to rkratky he didn't know who to contact yet, but finally all the pieces are coming together
Aug 11 12:30:05 <nboldt>	I bet you'll need to rebrand that before you can put it there
Aug 11 12:30:33 <nboldt>	yeah, rob should talk to @paul about how to host it (or if we can host it)
Aug 11 12:30:41 <mbenitez>	absolutely, the design was just temporary, to show other how this could be branded for the product
Aug 11 12:30:51 <nboldt>	could dump the whole thing into github I guess :D
Aug 11 12:31:26 <mbenitez>	nboldt, glad to have you around, you have a lot of insights into the processes :)
Aug 11 12:31:27 <nboldt>	mbenitez: that would be here: https://github.com/redhat-developer/developers.redhat.com
Aug 11 12:32:11 <nboldt>	probably more like here: https://github.com/redhat-developer/developers.redhat.com/tree/master/products/developertoolset
Aug 11 12:32:27 <mbenitez>	nice!
Aug 11 12:32:51 <mbenitez>	I'll open a trello card to start tracking this again, and of course a jira
Aug 11 12:33:21 <nboldt>	yeah. (aside: there's a great asciidoctor.js plugin for Chrome which is awesome for testing .adoc files locally before pushing them as a PR or having to use rake to build them)
Aug 11 12:34:43 <nboldt>	mbenitez: I suppose the other option would be for rkratky to look at publishing the infocentre as another "multiple html pages" format and have it here: https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en/red-hat-developer-toolset/
Aug 11 12:35:11 <mbenitez>	it seems like a good project to include with the consolidation / UX improvements we're working towards
Aug 11 12:35:35 <nboldt>	eg., another "Paged HTML" document like https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-US/Red_Hat_Developer_Toolset/4/html/4.1_Release_Notes/index.html
Aug 11 12:35:49 <mbenitez>	nboldt, we talked about that but there were some concerns about the content not being internally created IIRC
Aug 11 12:35:50 <nboldt>	again, Brand might complain about that idea, but *shrug*
Aug 11 12:36:05 <mbenitez>	haha no kidding, processes... ;)
Aug 11 12:36:13 <nboldt>	internally created? where did mbooth build the infocentre?
Aug 11 12:38:39 <mbooth>	nboldt: The infocenter is *built* here, but much of the content was written upstream -- it was the origin of the content that was the concern, IIRC
Aug 11 12:39:23 <mbenitez>	I think so too
Aug 11 12:40:55 <nboldt>	mbooth: oic. another "NIH" paranoia event
Aug 11 12:40:58 <mbooth>	But it seems silly that even appropriately licensed documentation cannot be rehosted...
Aug 11 12:41:02 <mbooth>	Exactly
Aug 11 12:41:16 <nboldt>	mbooth: yeah, "silly" is one word for it
Aug 11 12:41:33 <nboldt>	are they worried that the doc source isn't open enough, being html?
Aug 11 12:41:57 *	nboldt points the lawyers at the CTRL and Y keys and tell them to view-source:
Aug 11 12:42:13 <nboldt>	(ctrl-U I mean)
Aug 11 12:42:33 <mbooth>	nboldt: TBH, I don't remember. But it's nothing that isn't already shipped inside an RPM...
Aug 11 12:43:16 <nboldt>	mbooth: ah, so if it's good enough to be IN RHEL it should be good enough to be online discussing what's IN RHEL
Aug 11 12:43:49 <mbenitez>	I don't think we got to legal last time, things just got lost in conversations and we never made it close to publish
Aug 11 12:49:06 <mbenitez>	nboldt, I opened https://issues.jboss.org/browse/DEVELOPER-3394 does it look good to you?
Aug 11 12:49:20 *	mbenitez has lost the JIRA-fu over time
Aug 11 12:49:45 <mbenitez>	also added the description to trello
Aug 11 12:49:58 <nboldt>	mbenitez: you should cross link them
Aug 11 12:50:19 <mbenitez>	add the trello card to JIRA?
Aug 11 12:50:22 <nboldt>	eg., JIRA -> More > Link > Web Link > url for the trello card
Aug 11 12:50:31 <mbenitez>	ok, will do
Aug 11 12:50:58 <nboldt>	Trello > card > add Checklist > add checklist item = https://issues.jboss.org/browse/DEVELOPER-3394
Aug 11 12:51:21 <nboldt>	that way the info is in both places and PgM can track from their side / devs can track from their side, etc.
Aug 11 12:51:29 <nboldt>	it's more time/effort but imho it helps :D
Aug 11 12:53:15 <mbenitez>	good idea, it doesn't hurt :)
Aug 11 12:57:53 <nboldt>	DEVELOPER-3394 is assigned to James Cobb (our branding guy)
Aug 11 13:17:30 <patrickm>	nboldt: where in the doc does it say Windows 8?
Aug 11 13:17:48 <patrickm>	ah, in *BOLD*
Aug 11 13:18:45 <patrickm>	arrrgh, they still didn't change the Red Hat OpenJDK title
Aug 11 13:40:25 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to patrickm
Aug 11 14:24:26 <nboldt>	patrickm: yep. BOLD ALL CAPS, even :D
Aug 11 14:24:48 <patrickm>	nboldt: apparently I'm an idiot ;)
Aug 11 14:25:00 <nboldt>	patrickm: I've opened https://issues.jboss.org/browse/DEVELOPER-3393 to track the problem ... feel free to add more complaints / screenshots with big red arrows, etc.
Aug 11 14:25:14 <nboldt>	patrickm: no worries. we're all blind from time to time
Aug 11 14:27:38 <patrickm>	nboldt: i was looking for it in the text... that's my excuse and I'm sticking with that story
Aug 11 14:30:52 <nboldt>	patrickm: lol, no problem
Aug 11 14:31:10 <nboldt>	I opened the JIRA before noticing that there's RHEL 6 in there too (no mention of RHEL 7)
Aug 11 14:35:55 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to jjohnstn
Aug 11 16:07:01 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to patrickm
Aug 11 17:22:51 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to mbenitez
Aug 12 04:22:10 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to akurtakov
Aug 12 04:57:12 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to palves_
Aug 12 08:51:16 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to patrickm
Aug 12 08:54:54 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to rgrunber
Aug 12 08:59:15 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to mbenitez
Aug 12 09:01:39 <xcoulon>	rgrunber: hello Roland. Are you joining us for the Docker weekly meeting today ?
Aug 12 09:01:48 <rgrunber>	ah crap.. sorry i'm coming.
Aug 12 09:02:02 <xcoulon>	ok, great
Aug 12 09:48:00 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to jjohnstn_
Aug 12 09:48:51 <jjohnstn_>	xcoulon: I have made the fix for the gerrit change to add IDockerConnection2..feel free to review...I need to go out to the walk-in clinic soon
Aug 12 09:53:43 <xcoulon>	jjohnstn: ok. I'm working on my patch as well. Some tests are broken so I need to fix them before submitting to gerrit again
Aug 12 10:59:34 <patrickm>	nboldt: i talked with dbhole, there is not restriction in the .msi that states it should only install on Windows 8
Aug 12 10:59:43 <patrickm>	nboldt: we'll get that corrected
Aug 12 11:00:25 <patrickm>	nboldt: it seems to be an oversight, there were so many "8"'s on that page
Aug 12 11:04:14 <nboldt>	patrickm: yeah, felt like an overzealous regex matching
Aug 12 11:04:25 <nboldt>	patrickm: but that doesn't explain the RHEL 6 mention :D
Aug 12 11:04:56 <nboldt>	more likely this page was boilerplated from a year or two ago before Win10 and RHEL 7 were things we support
Aug 12 11:05:12 <patrickm>	nboldt: it does, because the pkg names are different
Aug 12 13:48:38 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to fuhbot2
Aug 12 16:42:38 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to patrickm
Aug 12 19:16:07 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to jjohnstn_
Aug 12 20:46:27 *	Disconnected (Remote host closed socket)
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Fri Aug 12 20:46:27 2016

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Fri Aug 12 20:48:58 2016

Aug 12 20:48:58 *	Now talking on #eclipse
Aug 12 20:51:27 *	irc.devel.redhat.com removes channel operator status from jjohnstn
Aug 12 20:51:27 *	*** Notice -- TS for #eclipse changed from 1471049332 to 1432349060
Aug 12 20:51:27 *	irc.lab.bos.redhat.com sets mode +s on #eclipse
Aug 12 20:51:27 *	irc.lab.bos.redhat.com has changed the topic to: Eclipse discussions
Aug 12 20:51:28 *	irc.yyz.redhat.com gives channel operator status to lberk fuhbot
Aug 12 20:51:58 *	irc-2.devel.redhat.com gives channel operator status to palves_
Aug 12 20:52:06 *	irc-01.app.eng.brq.redhat.com gives channel operator status to mattn|pto
Aug 12 20:52:07 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to sergiodj fuhbot2 jjohnstn_ jjohnstn
Aug 12 20:59:45 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to scox
Aug 12 23:30:52 *	Disconnected (Connection reset by peer)
**** ENDING LOGGING AT Fri Aug 12 23:30:52 2016

**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Fri Aug 12 23:31:03 2016

Aug 12 23:31:03 *	Now talking on #eclipse
Aug 12 23:31:08 *	irc.devel.redhat.com removes channel operator status from jjohnstn_
Aug 12 23:31:08 *	*** Notice -- TS for #eclipse changed from 1471059061 to 1432349060
Aug 12 23:31:08 *	irc.yyz.redhat.com sets mode +s on #eclipse
Aug 12 23:31:08 *	irc.yyz.redhat.com gives channel operator status to lberk fuhbot
Aug 12 23:31:21 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to jjohnstn_
Aug 12 23:31:51 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to sergiodj
Aug 12 23:32:48 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to fuhbot2
Aug 12 23:36:09 *	irc-01.app.eng.brq.redhat.com gives channel operator status to mattn|pto
Aug 12 23:36:09 *	irc-01.app.eng.brq.redhat.com has changed the topic to: Eclipse discussions
Aug 12 23:36:38 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to palves_ scox
Aug 13 01:18:08 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to akurtakov
Aug 14 02:01:52 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to akurtakov
Aug 14 07:22:38 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to akurtakov
Aug 14 07:27:28 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to fuhbot2
Aug 14 14:32:10 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to akurtakov
Aug 15 03:03:07 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to akurtakov
Aug 15 03:09:45 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to akurtakov
Aug 15 03:17:16 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to akurtakov
Aug 15 03:23:46 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to akurtakov
Aug 15 03:30:16 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to akurtakov
Aug 15 03:36:32 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to akurtakov
Aug 15 08:53:10 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to mbenitez
Aug 15 08:53:42 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to ldimaggi
Aug 15 09:20:40 <scela>	lufimtse: ping
Aug 15 09:46:39 <scela>	ericwill: hey
Aug 15 09:47:01 <ericwill>	scela hey, what's up
Aug 15 09:47:59 <scela>	ericwill: business as usual, working on the generic editor stuff
Aug 15 09:48:01 <scela>	https://git.eclipse.org/r/#/c/75921/
Aug 15 09:48:12 <scela>	check the before-last comment
Aug 15 09:48:31 <scela>	ericwill: is this a known issue ?
Aug 15 09:48:53 <scela>	ericwill: i have the feeling now that the gtk versions were restricted the hudson machine is 'out of date'
Aug 15 09:49:08 <ericwill>	scela it was fallout from bug 499545
Aug 15 09:49:14 <ericwill>	scela it has been fixed with this patch: https://git.eclipse.org/r/#/c/78989/
Aug 15 09:49:36 <ericwill>	the tests should be working now
Aug 15 09:52:30 <scela>	ericwill: thanks, I retriggered
Aug 15 09:58:04 <ericwill>	scela yeah this change was annoying as master was broken Friday and over the weekend
Aug 15 09:58:39 <scela>	ericwill: the retrigger also failed
Aug 15 09:58:45 <scela>	ericwill: probably needs time to propagate
Aug 15 09:59:14 <ericwill>	scela probably
Aug 15 10:02:33 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to ebaron
Aug 15 10:04:28 *	fuhbot gives channel operator status to rgrunber
Aug 15 10:51:55 <lufimtse>	scela, hullo
Aug 15 10:54:31 <scela>	lufimtse: hey
Aug 15 10:54:49 <scela>	i wanted to ask about what I asked ericwill above
Aug 15 10:54:55 <scela>	so I'm good
Aug 15 10:59:12 <lufimtse>	kk
Aug 15 12:11:18 *	fuhbot2 gives channel operator status to jjohnstn
